For thousands of years, people have been
seeing objects in the sky that they
can't identify. And today, we have
somebody who has actually
retrieved a UFO firsthand, a firsthand
witness.
The energy is just really good.
It's perfect for
How are you, dude?
Not at all. A lot of sleep for
either of us. We just You guys didn't
sleep.
I didn't sleep at all.
No [__] way. Why?
I'm just pumped. [laughter]
We have five people standing behind
cameras right now and nobody knows why
we're here.
You didn't tell them?
No.
No. Not at all,
bro.
Okay, everybody. Can we have everybody
here? I just want to let everybody know
what we're here for. Start with just
thank you. Everybody came in on a
36-hour notice for the first time in all
these years of doing interviews with
[music] UFO related people. Today we're
going to be talking to firsthand
witness. So it's no longer the guy that
talked to the guy. It is the guy
himself. [music]
Part of why I'm valuable is because I am
like I'm at the fingertips of this thing
and everyone we people have heard from a
high like administrative leadership to
tell information.
Exactly.
This is super dangerous for him right
now. Right now we're in a limbo because
the story is supposed to break out on on
News Nation hopefully with this [music]
week and every day that it doesn't uh go
live there's more danger is life.
So tell me about the moment when you
realized that [music] you were involved
in a retrieval of nonhuman
technology. I was trained as a pilot a
long time ago and [music] the last 20
years I've served more as a as a pilot
than I have as a a ground crew member or
in any other capacity.
Good morning,
Jake. Have you retrieved a nonhuman
craft?
Yes, I have.
For everyone that's getting exposed to
this right now, humble yourself from the
perspective of what you consider
believable.
Can you describe the retrievalss end to
end? What happens? Where are you?
I sit back at a separate location. I get
GPS coordinates at the very last second.
I get dispatched. I go there and then in
route from very short range out, maybe 5
minutes out, I get read a description of
what it is I'm picking up.
It's so real when you look at it. It's
not like in the background you're
hearing and there's this light like this
is an epic moment. Where's the crescendo
of it's like no there's just flying a
helicopter come over ridge there's an
egg sitting there and dude sitting
around on the ground flashing you walk
calling you in it doesn't register as
exciting you know in that format.
I don't know. When I when I'm hearing
the story, a big giant 20 foot egg, how
do you know that's non-human
intelligence?
Since we've left the program and
reorganized and are now working with
Arrol, I can make the egg show up and we
have and we've demonstrated it
postprogram and we did it in August.
Oh my god.
In broad daylight.
At the moment, we elicited the egg. The
egg flies by in dead silence, moving at
10,000 miles hour.
All right, one more.
In the light.
You know, everyone likes to ask, why am
I not afraid that someone's going to try
and silence me with death?
There are people that have died who were
coming out and who were speaking out on
our activities.
Anybody you know?
Yes.
Can he say anything more? No, cuz
there's an investigation um happening
right now.
I'm not afraid of the boogeyman. I am
the boogeyman.
You don't want to show up at my house
and think you're going to be successful
with brute force because that's going to
go [music] south for you really quickly.
It's got this cold military political
stigma attached to it, but that's not
it. It's not about like flying equipment
like oh let can we get in a flying
saucer and like get to London in 2
minutes or could we get there yesterday
because now we know China like screw all
that. The real implications are way more
powerful.
It's realizing that there is something
else out there that's maybe not extra at
all. It's something that's part of us.
It's like outer space versus inner space
is all the same.
[music]
What's up?
What's up, [laughter]
boogeyman? For thousands of years,
people have been seeing objects in the
sky that they can't identify. For maybe
the last 80 years, we've been
speculating as to American government,
other government's involvement with
UFOs.
And today, we have somebody who has
actually
retrieved a UFO firsthand, a firsthand
witness. And uh we have this amazing
crew, by the way. We have Omar present.
We have Logan present. And we don't
have, you know, we've gotten to know you
a little bit over the last month, but we
don't have a ton of context as to what
exactly you experienced. And so, we want
to really get down to the basics
and maybe just start with
who are you? Let's bring it all the way
back to your childhoods.
Okay. Yeah. Well, man, I mean, first
thing I should say is like like looking
back to me, it's clear that uh the
intelligence community looks for kids
like me. I had what you could probably
call what I the four eyes, let's say,
imagination, intellect, intuition, and
instincts. Uh my grandfathers were the
best men you could ever imagine. Um, I
had uh, you know, we could call him Navy
grandpa and army grandpa. Let's do that.
So, Navy grandpa was a very influential
naval officer. He was actually a member
of the Navy Seals predecessors, the
Scouts and Raiders. Um, he and my my
other grandfather um, Army grandpa. Um
they laid the foundation to our fam
literally put the cornerstone in took
had their pictures taken in the 50s
laying the cornerstone to our our family
church up until the point my parents
divorced. I had a pretty good childhood
but when stepfamilies entered the
picture [snorts] um it's when things
became hell for me. Uh
how did they become hell? Uh the
environment in the step family at my
mom's house which is where I spent most
of my time was abusive um physically
abusive
specifically because of your stepfather
stepfather and step-brother his son uh
who is much older than me but uh
what sort of abuse
I mean really all three if there if
there are three like what like
physically verbally and like uh low-key
sexually abusive like borderline
sexually abusive too. And uh so I just I
chose to like live outside basically.
And by the time I got in high school, my
uh Navy grandpa had encouraged me to get
into swimming and water polo. And um I
had also continued to do art and music
and uh had entered a science contest and
won a state science fair based on a
project I had done.
What was the project?
Um it's called color cords. Uhhuh.
And in my music class, I we had learned
at a very rudimentary level this thing
called the circles of fifths, which is
um a basically a pie chart where uh you
can break down and learn the intervals
of harmonies. Basically, you got a root
note from any root note, there's a
what's called a perfect fifth, and that
fifth rings a harmony, which um is
pleasant. There's also a third. And in a
major chord, you have a first, a third,
and a and a fifth. In a minor chord, you
have a first, a minor third, which is a
half interval down, but you keep that
major fifth. And it it makes what people
refer to as like a sad sound or a sad,
but they're both beautiful. It's more of
a happy beautiful, and then like a
deeper dramatic beautiful. So uh the
understanding of harmony in the sound
world is when wavelengths overlap in a
way that forms some form of geometry
that is enhancing rather than degrading
to the independent waveforms you get
something like harmony and your ear can
pick that up and your emotions can react
to it in a variety of ways. So, I'm
like, well, shoot, if photons make
waveforms,
um, are there color combinations that
can have that same complimentary
um, interplay where when the colors
combine that they're pleasant? And could
it be that they actually elicit the
exact same emotions? It was really cool.
I I did well in our local area and I
kept I went on to county and then I went
on to the state and I got awarded with
like 10 other kids an award at the state
level for that project. Um,
well, you are, you talk about trauma
being a part of what the intelligence
community was looking for. Yeah. Let's
get into the juicy stuff, which is the
Air Force recruiting you.
Yeah.
Uh, how did they recruit you? How'd you
get in touch?
Um,
so when I got expelled my senior year,
my grandfather pulled some strings and
got me into another high school. uh my
parents were involved in that process.
But unbeknownst to my parents, I also
had this secret intervention with my
grandfathers. Both of them came together
and they began exploring military
opportunities for me that like they just
saw that that's what I needed. And for
me, I was like, "Yeah, I want to jump
out airplanes and kill bad people. Like
I'm all in just I want that job. I don't
want to do like a desk job or cook." And
so [clears throat] they set out, made
phone calls, and you know, looking back,
I don't think they had any idea what
they were getting me into. Um, I mean, I
didn't either. I don't blame them. It's
not like they were complicit or part of
some deep state and like put their
grandson up for offering to the program.
It it wasn't like that. But, you know, I
took some uh initial screening in our
local area. And then we traveled down by
UCLA and I went through a series of
tests over multiple visits like all your
basic stuff. I mean physical stuff,
physiological, but then went into
psychological
um
Wow.
Uh testing, creative testing. So I went
down and the first time I had ever taken
an IQ test. So you take it two times, at
least twice, but two different ways,
I'll say. The first time I took it, I
think it was just a straight up IQ test.
And I remember knowing exactly what I
got cuz I was so interested to find out
and it was like 138 and I was like, "Oh,
that kind of sucks." Like that's not
very high.
It's pretty high.
I'm like, "You're not supposed I'm
supposed to be smarter than that."
100's average.
But then they do the second thing, which
is a stress IQ test.
And so you take the same test, but I put
on this oxygen mask that sealed my face
with no air coming to it.
Whoa. And I took that test and I tested
a 152.
No way.
So
you scored higher.
I scored way higher under stress. And
that's when my concept for comfort and
chaos began to form and I was like, "Oh,
like I'm a different person.
I'm like see things more clearly. Like I
see the code or whatever." Like under
stress.
It's like things make more sense to me.
Anybody watching this is probably
thinking this is a very unique
recruiting process for the military.
This isn't like going online, submitting
an application. What did you end up
getting recruited for?
Yeah, so I ended up getting recruited to
a brand new program that was called GTE,
which was a guaranteed training uh
education program, I believe, is what
the acronym was at the time. And for me,
this was a a 10-year contract that would
fasttrack me through special operations
training through the Department of the
Air Force, uh, through a career field at
the time called combat control. It's
still called combat control. And what's
interesting for people to probably know,
which moving forward, keep this in the
back of your mind, is that, you know,
the Air Force is this agency that
straddled the blue black line, let's
call it, uh, since its inception in
1947, like two weeks after Roswell
incident, you get the National Security
Act, you get the formation of the Air
Force, CIA at the same time, Department
of Defense, and the Air Force has been
that agency that straddled the blue
black line ever since. And just to be
clear for the audience, the blue black
line, the blue is the kind of
uh open source white world out in the
open black world is, you know, highly
cleared sensitive stuff. Is that is that
right?
Yeah. I think the good way to think
about it is
the black world that we operate in is
like a four-dimensional projection into
a three-dimensional world. It has its
presence here and there's indications of
it, but you're not going to get it
because so much of what you're seeing is
tied and connected to other things
through um through another dimension
you're not paying attention to. And
that's that's how this exists. That's
how we exist. And that's how we
manipulate
reality and truth and get away with
things that people don't understand.
That is unbelievable. You sound like
Carl Sean describing platonic
describing an elite military unit.
Yeah. What I need to make very clear is
um although I was prospected into combat
control, I became something very
different and that was simply my gateway
into the program. So I signed a contract
for combat control in 1994 and uh
shipped off to basic training in Texas.
After completing basic training at
Lackland Air Force Base, Texas, I then
was shipped out to a a place called Opel
rating location hotel which we called
OH. And this was uh selection for Air
Force Special Warfare Combat Control
Pares Rescue. And although I had been
pre-screened and signed this crazy
10-year contract that guaranteed this
17-year-old kid two and a half years of
specialized training, which to
understand how um incredible that is is
traditionally, or I should say
historically for special warfare or
special operations like militarywide,
you don't get into those programs
without first being enlisted and then
earning your selection and being
recommended for special units. And then
even once you're in those special units,
what specialized schools you go to is is
not guaranteed and it happens over a
period of time. So after I graduated
selection, uh which which is the initial
phase of weeding out candidates, it's
about a 4-week course at uh OH. Um, we
had a class of about 89 people I
remember and nine of uh my original
classmates graduated together from that
class and then we shipped off to the to
what we call the pipeline which is our
our our tra our trade schools where we
learn our craft. Um, somewhere early on
in the the pipeline I was approached by
two individuals who convinced me that um
it would be a good idea if I became an
airplane mechanic. And um
can you say anything more about those
two individuals?
Uh
one of them was clearly gay. Um
which was interesting because I quite
enjoyed the talk. I thought it was fun.
Um and for some reason I've always been
really compatible with gay men, much to
their disappointment because I'm very
straight as narrow with my sexual
orientation. But [snorts] so there's
that. I can share that. And they had
sold me on the idea.
Deflection. [laughter]
Yeah.
They um you know they sold me on this
idea and ultimately what it was I knew I
was doing something different and
special. And you have to understand in
the '9s the OP tempo was really low.
Yeah.
And everyone kind of knew like you you
would go through your training but a lot
of guys that once they made it to their
teams were kind of like
dude let's go let's go to war. And there
was no war. And so a lot of people were
getting out tired of just training.
Yeah. And what was kind of sold to this
young crazy kid, Jacob Barber, was that
you're gonna get to do things others
aren't going to get to do. There is a
lot going on that we'd like to use you
for, but you first have to go do this
thing for us, and that is learning how
to be an airplane mechanic. So, I'm
like, okay. I then shipped off to
airplane mechanic school. Upon
completing that, I reported directly to
Pope Air Force Base in North Carolina.
Um, when I was there, you know, I spent
a lot of time turning wrenches on the on
the flight line as a mechanic, but
outside of that, I spent all my time
training.
Was that a hazing ritual or would that
come in handy with what you were
ultimately like like just learning to
become an airplane mechanic?
No, it was my cover.
Okay.
So, my cover was working as an airplane
mechanic. Uh, I came in during the
Clinton era and that's no coincidence.
that had a lot to do with this program
and what I became come to find out. Um,
I spent a lot of time deploying on those
type of missions in support of President
Clinton. I can explain I can go into
detail there a little bit. I was
involved in Bosnia. I deployed to
Bosnia. Um, I was involved in the
liberation of Kuwait. Had a lot of
combat time, but ultimately what I was
being refined for was a redteamer. Um, I
became a red team expert. Red team you
could think of is an opposition force.
In fact, that's that's exactly what we
call it is OP four or opposition force.
And uh red team's job in any scenario is
to exploit all the weaknesses of blue
team and find the vulnerabilities and
then use those against blue team. Um so
in an exercise we would participate
where the military's blue forces or or
traditional forces would deploy their
tactics and then we would be set out to
play the opponent or the enemy and we're
given liberty, boundless liberty on how
to just go and [__] up their life. Like
try and make their life hell. You get to
be creative, think outside the box,
innovate ways and find holes in our
systems. So we'd go out and it was a lot
of fun and we'd find ways to completely
disrupt the standard operating
procedures of units and then in
exercises um that were global and dealt
very closely with other
subject matter related to UAP were
involved with those and had to come up
with innovative ways to um to be
adversarial towards our own forces. And
I I found out that like my four eyes
that I explained earlier were tools of
war. And you know, anyone that's read
the art of war, you know what's the
first rule in the art of war? Do you
know?
Yeah. What is the first rule?
Deception.
Deception is the first rule in the art
of war is to deceive and to always act
like something you're not.
Now I think about it. That's probably
alarming coming from me right now. How
do we know?
That guy is full of [__]
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How do we know you're
not red teaming us right now?
Well, you don't you don't know that. I'm
You really don't.
That was an honest answer.
Yeah. You don't know that. So I And all
I can do I expect to get asked that a
lot is like, you know, I'll paraphrase a
book from Matthew. I think it is like
you will know me by my fruits.
And so just pay attention to what's
happened and you can evaluate the impact
of what I'm doing. Yeah. and and that's
all you can do.
Well, that's an amazing message for the
audience, too, which is they should
corroborate the things that you're
saying through their own open source
research.
Yeah.
And if it if it validates and checks,
they should they should think for
themselves and not just, you know, take
all of us for our word. No, willy-nilly.
You mentioned other things being sort of
adjacent to UFO or UAP retrievalss. What
were the other things you were doing as
part of this group? Um while while
enlisted I did a lot of security and
escort of HVTs which are called hidev
value targets. So I held a NATO top
secret security clearance um at times
when I needed to and was manifested to
classified flights where we would be
dispatched. We would secure targets and
transport those targets and deliver them
to other places and then hand them off
to other teams. Um, these targets most
of the time were like sealed containers.
Um, we called them mystery boxes. I
couldn't tell you what was inside. Um,
it could be a variety of things. There
was a variety of sizes. Something, you
know, small enough that could fit on a
helicopter, something large enough that
it had to be put on a C5 Galaxy. Uh,
sometimes it had to be trucked. Sometime
it had to be taken in pieces, but it was
always put in the little mystery boxes.
Um,
one
one thing that should be noted is that
one of these missions I was involved in,
I got very sick afterwards and um, lost
every hair on my body. Skin peeled off
my arms. I was nauseous. Um, and I was
it was obvious in hindsight that I was
exposed most likely to some form of
radiation. Um, and this really upsets
some people when I tell this story,
especially friends like uh Dr. Gary
Nolan, who's who helps me with with this
issue now. Um, but
real quick, just for the audience, Gary
Nolan is a Stanford microbiologist.
Yeah.
He's a Nobel nominee every year. He's
tenured there and he's incredibly
interested in the UFO subject. Yes.
In fact, he claims to have, and I've
seen them actually, crash retrieval
parts. Yeah. from his friend who's a
longtime kind of the godfather of UFO
research, a guy named Jacqu Malay. And
Gary does mass spectrometry on them, but
he also was approached by the CIA in I
think 2016ish
uh around
people who have uh encountered UAP, NHI,
and the biological effects that they've
incurred.
And that's that's the nature of my
relationship with Gary. So, Dr. I don't
know. Uh yeah, I I now I'm still
suffering from that experience most
likely and subsequent experiences and
but it's only now that I'm getting
proper care because of how
I want to say this because I don't want
to make the Air Force out to be this
evil irresponsible entity because as
much as they are, they also aren't. In
this one circumstance, I don't believe
they knew what we were dealing with.
This is why I think that one incident
and looking back with 2020 vision
hindsight, you know, it's likely that
was also related to the UAP topic
because had we known what was in that
box, we would have there would we have a
protocol for dealing with nuclear hazmat
and and none of that was in place and I
still got exposed. So I think something
in that box that
Were you carrying the box?
No, we don't carry. It's too heavy. It's
It's loaded on the craft. We escort it.
So, you escorted it.
We escorted it and we protect it with
the authority to use deadly force
and it was emitting that much
radiological energy.
I think it got turned on at some point,
which is another interesting thing.
Like, how did it come on while we were
in air? Like, it turned on or turned off
or there was some level of fallout.
I really don't know. Um,
what makes you think that it was a UAP
or a UFO and not like an electromagnetic
pulse like some of these exotic weaponry
that emit radiological energy?
Yeah. Well, EMPs are different. A lot of
the HPMs
are safe to be around. Um, you're not
you're not going to get high doses of
gamma radiation by exposing yourself to
an EMP. But um I would just say let's
not get too much into this night and
this mission without getting into
trouble. But I'll just tell you that the
I don't blame the Air Force or anyone
for how that was handled except with the
exception of the fact of seeking medical
treatment afterwards. I couldn't talk
about what had happened. So therefore
the causation was really difficult for
doctors to to like to come up with.
There was there was symptomology without
causation and I was treated for things
that weren't necessarily consistent with
radiation poisoning and I healed up from
it. Um
what were all the symptoms that you
experienced?
So like I end now I mean I have a heart
murmur that I never had before.
Wow.
Okay. So my heart's messed up. Uh again
I lost all the hair on my body. I look
like just a albino lizard dude. like no
pubic hair, no eyebrows, no nose hair,
which I wish was still the case, but
[laughter]
whatever.
The one benefit.
Yeah, the one benefit. No ear hair, no
nose hair.
Um, I had rashes. Uh, my immune system
seems compromised in some way. I can't
explain. I I just have random
uh autoimmune disorders. Um, and so this
this is where Gary has come in handy is
that he's reviewed my medical records
and we're trying to make sense of 20
years of things that have happened and
how it how more so like, you know,
forget the past, like moving forward. My
concern is that there's some, you know,
hidden gremlin that's going to show up
later in life and we're going to be way
behind on how to deal with, you know,
cancer or whatever. I hate to throw that
term around, but
knock on wood, man.
Yeah. So, um, but so that incident, just
to get back to the subject,
can I can I ask you one more question
about what happened?
When Gary took a look at your, you know,
physical chart and the symptoms, did he
say they accorded with other UFO
experiencers?
Yeah, he did.
Specifically, what's the guy from
Rendlessham Forest in 1980? Uh,
John Burroughs.
John Burroughs and Jim Penniston. John
Burrows had had similar symptoms that I
did and had similar issues with his VA
records as I did.
So he also had scarring in his dorsal
striatum. He had scarring in his codate
nucleus impetamin.
Yeah.
Did you have that as well?
I haven't I still have to get my
comprehensive MRIs. Like I haven't had a
brain MRI that's revealed that.
But I but I do know he had a heart
issue.
Yeah. We have the same heart issue. Oh
wow. That didn't exist before in either
of us. That was the one thing that Gary
shared and it was you know similar
similar situation with the records but
and for for context for for people the
Rendlessham Forest incident was I think
1980. Yeah.
Right. It was a Safulk Royal Air Force
Bentwaters
and it was you had Jim Penniston
Burroughs all these guys who were
they saw this like blight in the forest.
Is that right? Dude, that one incident,
this is we were talking earlier about
how things get lost over time in this
environment, how keyed up we are right
now for proof and there's a lot of
attention on this. If that incident, if
Bentwaters happened today or tomorrow
case would be closed. Like that single
incident has all the proof and evidence
that you need that this thing is real
from a public perspective, from a
firsthand witness, from a government
response and cover up. Like, it's there.
It's closed book. Lord Norton, who is
the um head of the naval fleet for for
the entire UK.
Yeah.
Saying that this, you know, was a was a
thing. This this happened
and it simply isn't any good. Ministers
and the Ministry of Defense in
particular saying that nothing that took
place that December night in Suffukk is
of defense interest. It simply isn't
true.
And you had uh uh Colonel Charles Halt
as well do do an investigation
afterwards and everything checked.
No. OSI shows up in plane. HVT escort
teams show up, haul everything away.
People are sworn to secrecy. People are
are drugged during interrogation, post
uh interrogation of the I mean
they're they're given truth serum.
They're given sodium pentathol so that
they basically give like a an extremely
explicit readout of what actually
occurred. And that itself didn't take
place in a vacuum. You have a great book
called UFOs and nukes by a guy named
Robert Hastings.
Hastings. Yeah.
167 ICBM security personnel, radar
operators, uh, guys that work at these
nuclear bases across the United States
and in some cases they're joint nuclear
bases in in the UK and other places.
And they all experience these things,
these these orbs, discs, plasma balls,
crazy sorts of things. In certain cases,
they claim to have boarded crafts.
Um,
yeah. If if anybody if anybody out there
wants a good starting point, if to to
take an on-ramp into this subject
matter. I recommend going to the what
was called the citizens hearings in
2013. It's on YouTube.
It's a it's a full week of what's
essentially a mock congressional hearing
where they brought in there's over 20
hours of testimony over 5 days. Um at
that time everyone from academia,
government, military, enthusiasts, all
all those areas that have expertise and
experiences documented and they come and
they testify in a very professional
formal setting uh before
I think uh former and current
congressional members and they lay it
all out. It's the whole history and um
Bentwaters incident is covered in there.
Something about that is irritating
because it's like, okay, where are all
the whistleblowers? Let's wait until
they come out. Like, no, they've come
out. They have come out. Like, take the
time if if you want to form
a vehement argument that's anti-
whatever this subject is.
Put in the work to go look like like
Ross's book, In Plain Sight. There's so
much that's already in plain sight. It's
already happened.
It's in plain sight. Jake, have you
retrieved a nonhuman craft?
Yes, I have. Okay, let's get into that.
All right,
what's the story behind that?
Um,
man, so here we go. So, after 911,
uh, [laughter]
I went back to California and I began,
uh, going to work on the next chapter of
my life, which is working as a
contractor for the broader intelligence
uh, community. And so, uh, everyone else
after 9/11 was looking east with
vengeance and the special operations
community went crazy, which kind of
served as like the perfect distraction
for me in my work because nobody was
looking domestically. Nobody was looking
out west and we continued to do our work
out here. And I I quite literally took a
left turn at Albuquerque to quote Bugs
Bunny.
I knew I should have taken that left
turn at Albuquerque. and uh
worked on uh we had a a cover contract
through the BIA, which is the Bureau of
Indian Affairs at a sovereign nation
close to White Sands uh missile range in
New Mexico.
And um
and and lest the audience be skeptical
of this left turn into you know uh
Indian reservations, there's actually a
long history of the American
intelligence community's activity on
Indian reservations.
You actually you could watch a really
popular Netflix show right now called
The Octopus Murders. Okay, which
involves all sorts of activity with
Wacken Hut, you know, private security
contractor on Native American lands. And
it's it's a somewhat common thing. So
well, it's a good place to go if uh you
know there's a lot of security and
ambiguity there from a structure
standpoint. And something important to
understand is that the legitimacy is the
best cover. This is something we say all
the time. So
if I'm if I'm going to
put my public face or my my structured
face or my three-dimensional identity
out there, it's got to be a legitimate
work. And I spend most of my time doing
that. So um I specialize in security and
transportation
mostly in uh aeronautical operations
even more specifically helicopters. I'm
basically a helicopter operations expert
and security expert. So, uh, I stood up
and got involved with, um, helicopter
operating companies and held many
contracts with the DoD, Department of
Interior, um, State Department and other
other local uh, agencies as well. And
through that work, we basically,
although the majority of our time was
spent doing the day-to-day work and
keeping that business up and going, our
real purpose was to make ourselves
available for the call, let's say, or
the calls that would come in. And we
would be put to work on pro on missions
for the program. And because of my
experience working as a red team member
and already having the clearances and
already having proved myself, I don't
know how to say it other than, you know,
certain individuals were passing my
business card around and it's a lot of
work maintaining aptitude and currency
and a variety of skills and legitimate
civilian licenses and things and
credentials.
What's your title at this point? Like do
you have a title? Are you a full kind of
ghost? I mean, I'm I'm a I'm a lot of
things like, so I don't know how to
answer that. Like
I mean I mean at this point with you
know, take a left turn to Albuquerque.
Yeah.
Dealing with the Department of Interior.
What's your job title at that?
Uh director of operations for a
helicopter company.
Wow.
Yeah.
Crazy. [laughter]
Interesting.
Yeah. So I'm director of operations for
a helicopter company. Um,
I'm program director for Gracie Jiujitsu
NorCal. I'm
uh I'm a flight instructor for law
enforcement for airborne law enforcement
agency. Um, I hold a lot of titles. I'm
also I'm the president of a corporation
that has uh manufactures wheelchair
patented wheelchair parts for the
veterans hospital. I service
um fitness centers on a number of key
military bases that if I named them,
they'd make a lot of sense to you. So,
I'm a lot of different things.
Yeah. You're like an Uber driver in LA,
but way more badass.
I like think I'm more badass than an
Uber driver at this point. [laughter]
There are some badass Uber drivers. I
don't know.
The the most insane multihyenate ever.
But at this so at this point having all
these different potential covers is
what's actually serving you in what
you're doing because you could you could
be a flight instructor at this company
or you could be just like directing
operations for some transportation.
Can you say anything about the companies
that you worked for in the context of
these UFO crash retrievals?
Um look man, if you took two guesses,
you'd get both of them right on the
first try.
There you go.
Okay. [laughter]
[gasps] At the end of the day, like I'm
just a security and transportation guy,
especially when it gets to the UAP
subject. It's like we did a lot of
helicopter work and law enforcement and
security work. It's not like the like
like we understand the idea of a
paramedic sitting over here uh in an
ambulance waiting for a call who
specializes in emergency medical
response. It's like we're not sitting
there as a crash recovery team with our
little CR patch on our chest and our
little alien like uh dice hanging from
the rearview mirror of the helicopter.
We're ready to roll when the alien phone
rings. Crash. No, it's like we're doing
other [__] and like we're going to go
out and we do a lot of recovery. It's
not just exotic craft. We recover all
kinds of things.
When a call would come in, typically it
meant we were going out to what I call
the range, which is in the desert of
California, and we would be there to
support from a a security and
transportation standpoint the operations
out there. Uh the range was a giant
playground for Department of Defense and
its private aerospace partners for
testing weapons technology, radar
technology, uh craft, experimental craft
and that craft's resilience to radar and
weapons technology and vice versa. Um it
was during this work uh when uh um I can
talk I'm here to talk about two
different experiences with exotic craft
that was non-human in origin. Um, and it
was during some of this time out on the
range when I had these experiences.
First experience I'm going to talk about
is when we recovered an egg. And we just
call it the egg cuz that's what it was.
It's like a giant white egg. Um, the
night that this happened, we weren't
expecting an egg. I wasn't briefed on an
egg. Uh,
when this happened, it was a surprise to
everyone. I can tell you within uh not
only my leadership structure, which is
most concerning when they're surprised,
but also everyone around me on my team.
Um
when this happened, we had to go we we
uh altered our communication protocol.
We altered our security protocol and it
was obvious to everyone that what we
were dealing with was something
extraordinary. Um my job that night was
as a helicopter pilot. I was not on the
ground. I was called in to uh transport
that egg via external load, what we call
external load or through a long line
which is 150 ft, sometimes 200t long
line that hangs below the helicopter. It
has a remote hook on it. That remote
hook can be attached to hardware that
secures the load and then we fly that
load away to a drop point and from there
it goes wherever it's going to go on a
secured transport.
Did you see this egg?
I saw it. Absolutely.
What did it look like?
Um it's probably 20 feet plus or minus I
don't know uh 10% from my point of view.
You know I was 150 ft from it. Had 150t
long line that night. hovered right over
it, hooked up to it. It looked like a
giant
20 feet longitudinally.
Yeah, 20 feet longitudinally, spherical
with a little bit of an asymmetrical
three-dimensional rounding shape to it.
It's like a pearly white, like uh I
don't know if it was wet or moist, but
it it wasn't like flat white. It was
like pearly white. Granted, this is at
at night at this point. It was uh after
civil twilight, so it's dark. Um, I'm
flying under NVGs, but there was enough
uh lunar illumination that I could see
it with the naked eye.
What's an NVG?
Uh, night vision goggle.
So, it's an enhanced omni electronic uh
system that uh takes in account IR
light,
but you could see it outside.
I could see it. I could flip my goggles
up and see it and flip my goggles down
and see it. It was secured with
nets. Basically,
it was secured with nets. nets and
somebody
wrapped nets around it.
Somebody on your team or
Yeah, someone on the ground team.
Wow. And did they sort of touch the
craft while they were wrapping nets?
The team there must have touched it.
Yeah.
And did they experience any effects? Did
they see?
Not that I know of. I didn't talk much.
It was compartmentalization on steroids
that night. So, uh, we didn't I didn't
debrief with the ground crew much.
There's a few guys on the ground crew.
we've talked to since um but a lot of
the details of everyone's experience,
you know, weren't shared necessarily.
Any other core details about the craft?
The weight, any symbology on it?
No. I mean, it was smooth, seamless, no
symbology. Uh I could tell you it was
less than 5,000 pounds because that was
the capacity of my helicopter at that
time.
Um, I don't remember exactly what it
weighed. You know, when I when we fly in
to to recover a load or to pick any we
use the term pick, which is I'm going to
connect and haul something off, no
matter what it is, I I get a briefing on
the way in as to uh what my load is
going to be. I get disclosed its
approximate weight um dimensions and
then I get a hazmat disclosure as to
whether or not there's any hazmat on
board or if there are any souls on board
which is life forms. Um that night there
was no disclosure for hazmat or souls on
board or what we call sobs, souls on
board and it was just an object and um
yeah took it uh to a drop point which
was about 15 miles away and um set it
down very carefully and it was hauled
off somewhere and that was the end of
it. Why do you think it landed on a
human flight testing range? I could see
a skeptic in the audience saying, "Oh,
awfully convenient." Yeah. That you're
landing right next to wherever you guys
are operating.
Yeah. Well, it wasn't X. It actually
went off the range, which was added to
part of our challenge. And I can't tell
you where it landed, but it was tracked
and intercepted over the range. And by
the time it finally interfaced with the
ground, it was off the playground,
which complicated our recovery.
Would another possible answer to that be
that UAPs are attracted to sensitive
military sites?
We know exactly what they're attracted
to and we
um we intentionally attract them.
And I when I say we, uh anyone that's
out playing around with this kind of
stuff knows that there are things that
they are attracted to. Uh whether or not
that was intentional,
that was the the primary objective that
night, I don't know. I can tell you that
that night there was another team
present that I know of that uh deals
with the summoning component of data
collection. And uh that team's intention
usually is or known to be associated
with uh summoning or getting a UAP or
nonhuman craft to show up.
Question from the audience.
Yeah. [laughter] Okay.
Uh,
was the egg sitting upright when you
pulled up on it?
Oh, it was flat.
Yeah, horizontal.
Did it appear like it crashed or did it
land in
It didn't look messed up to me and there
was no disturbed earth around it. It's
not like it toepicked in or like, you
know, dug in. Yeah. I I guess just like
I don't know when I when I'm hearing the
story a big giant 20 foot egg, how do
you know that's non-human intelligence?
Okay, that's a great question. So, I'm
I've got um I've got three different
reasons or criteria for for determining
that it was in HI. one
relying on myself as a expert of not
only what flies around in our skies, but
even at the extreme of advanced
technologies and capabilities within the
US government at the highest level in
private industry and seeing those things
fly around and operate at the range all
the time. Um, this is why it was kind of
a process for me up until very shortly
after the egg because still the night of
the egg it's just like you get called
in, everyone's a little nervous, but
it's so real when you look at it. It's
like it's not like in the in the
background you're hearing and there's
this light from heaven like you grew up
on movies. It's like this is an epic
moment. Where's the crescendo of? It's
like no, there's just flying a
helicopter come over ridge and there's
an egg sitting there and dudes sitting
around on the ground flashing you walk
calling you in while you're flying your
hook. I'm like, where's like the where's
all the intensity? It's like it's so
blatant and in your face and so real, it
can almost it doesn't register as
exciting, you know, in that format. Now,
I'm sure the experience of running into
an alien in your bedroom
is not that way, but I've never had that
experience, so I don't know. But, um,
what I'm getting at is, you know, for
me, it was a process up to there because
so many things we see in the sky out at
the range are fantastical. It's like you
see things change shape, change color,
come in to sight, go out of sight,
travel at extreme speeds, appear to go
and come from the earth or the mountain
or a ridge. Um, and you just assume most
of the time that what you're seeing is
our own advanced tech or cloaking
systems or projections or uh light
artifacts of weapon systems. Um, and
then you've just got from, you know,
just from being outside at night in the
desert, which I could invite anyone to
go spend some time out night just
looking up with your dumb human eyeballs
and you're going to see some weird
stuff. So, I we've seen a lot of stuff
and that night number one, it was not
expected. So, if it was human, um, there
would have been a much different
response to it. Um there would have been
some expectation that what we were
working that on that night may have may
have not responded well to the radar
that was being thrown at it and we would
have expected a crash and it's like okay
we would have been trained on how to
deal with that. No one was trained on
how to deal with that and everybody
acted really weird. So then there's that
localized response that was anomalous.
Um, and if there's any human on earth
that's going to know what that is and
how to deal with it, it would have been
me and my team. And we didn't know.
There's no one else that like, "Oh [__]
I need to call in the specialized team.
Look behind me. I see a picture of
myself." Like, that's it. Okay. So,
like, I'm the guy. Subsequent to that,
it was also confirmed to me by ranking
members of the UAP task force that that
is exactly what we ran into that night,
that that was NHI. and they they told me
bluntly that yes, that is a nonhuman
anomalous craft. Um, the last or the
third reason reasoning I'll give you is
that since we've left the program and
reorganized and are now working with
Arrol, I can make the egg show up and we
have and we've demonstrated it
postprogram and we did it in August.
Oh my god.
In broad daylight.
Really? So, so you can summon the egg?
Yes, we can summon the egg.
That is absurd.
It It seems absurd, but we've tracked it
in broad daylight. The egg uh moving at
10,000 mph, so based on range.
Um and it comes when we've at a precise
timing when we've asked for. We're doing
demonstrations for the new director of
Arrow. They're fully privy. They've seen
our videos. They've seen our data, our
report. An arrow is the all domain
anomaly resolution
resolutions office. Yeah, we have
classes of UAP. There's a number of
classes and categories that we um
How many?
Uh more than eight.
Do you know more than eight?
Yes.
Can you list them?
No. No. Um maybe soon we can.
Going back to the retrieval. So I'm
saying this and not you because you
don't want to, you know, reveal anything
classified. done deep dives on American
anti-gravity research. Okay. Electro
exotic electromagnetic propulsion and I
even just interviewed the former deputy
CTO of Northre Grumman um who was
actually part of the UAP task force, the
army representative, a guy named Carl
Nell and I said, you know, is any of
this crazy UFO stuff investable or
actionable? We were speaking to a room
full of entrepreneurs and he said go
just watch Jesse's video on uh Thomas
Towns and Brown.
Okay.
And so to me that is as much
confirmation as we're ever probably
going to get for a little bit at least
on the idea that we do have exotic
propulsion
human craft in our possession.
So is there anything else that gives you
conviction that
let me let me go into that. So let me go
into the analysis that was the presented
to Arrow and why they're why they
consider it NHI. So best way to explain
this, we set out specifically to
um summon the egg and
uh record gather sensor data on the egg.
At the moment we expected or um elicited
the egg,
it shows up moving so fast we couldn't
see with the naked eye. Another object
also showed up at that time that our um
our our guy operating our OP, our our
top observer saw this object. It burnt
the sensor in his camera.
We had another camera luckily that was
also recording. But um where the first
object showed up, the sensor was
damaged. Behind that, the egg flies by
um in dead silence, makes a turn and
comes around in to land and disappears
behind the house. So that wasn't done
when we did that most recent exercise.
That wasn't done on the range in
coordination with the DoD or any private
partners. It was done with me and the
team we've assembled since then. And you
with we have all the tools and talents
and techniques that we did in the legacy
program and now we're doing them on our
own. And when you say legacy program,
legacy UFO program is
yeah, you know, legacy
is kind of a loaded term, but um I would
say in everyone's prior scope of work
and career fields, they've worked uh in
they've worked in this capacity and have
had these experiences and now but doing
it um on the payroll and under the NDA
obligations of the federal government,
private partners. A lot of us have left
those those jobs. I'm no longer doing
that work. I'm no longer connected in
the same way I w I was. And since then,
we've formed our own organization and we
have all the tools and talent that um we
had back then, but we have it in a
private venture and we're doing our own
exploration.
And who's we?
We is uh Skywatcher Technologies is a
company we formed. What you're basically
saying at a fundamental level is I think
one of the biggest critiques of the UFO
phenomena is that it's completely
ephemeral and you're saying it's
actually repeatable because every oh
science needs science needs to be
repeatable.
Knock wrap your knuckles on it. Like
some of the stuff is like I'm not
kidding like a physical craft.
Every time I drop this pen it's going to
you know hit the ground. And what you're
saying is that every time you do these
sort of summoning techniques and then
there's like a a more physical version.
Luis Alzando whistleblower who was
involved in the OSAP program
uh writes in his book that they
contemplating baiting uh UFOs with
nuclear material. So that's something
that's kind of open source and in public
record.
It's not all tangible. Drop the pin, it
hits the ground. That's why there are
eight or more classes of UAP um in our
work because it ranges from the
supernatural
like groundbased paranormal phenomenon
to what looks like objects in the sky.
And Gary Nolan, he's on our team. He's
been there in the desert when we've
summoned the egg.
Wow.
In broad daylight.
So you brought Gary Nolan out.
Yeah. He he's part of our new team.
So So a Nobel Stanford professor has
seen this occur. He's he's borne witness
to this.
He didn't see it with his own eyes
because no one did. It was moving too
fast. But he's seen the report and our
sensor data sensor data afterwards. All
this information that I'm giving you,
including our reports, has all been
given to Arrow and we can get into that.
But uh th this incident and the future
incidents that have happened that we're
going to talk about um you know in the
last 5 years all of this has been
disclosed to uh you know I've spent a
lot of time speaking. One thing I wanted
to do was to do this the right way, was
to give our institutions and our
authorities a chance to hear this stuff
first and to reconcile it and to do the
right thing with it and to primarily
give me guidance on what to do with it
moving forward. So, you know, everything
I'm telling you um and more has been
shared with Congress in a in a in a
skiff in a top secret uh TSCI
um environment where I've given
testimony.
Real quick, a skip is a secure
compartmentalized information facility.
Basically, a Faraday cage.
Yeah.
No, no, no signals in or out.
No.
Um and then TSSCI is top secret
compartmentalized information.
Yeah. Secure compartment. Yes. And
what's funny, I don't I mean I'm a kid
from the 70s, but if remember the show
Mor from Orc, Mor and Mindy, Robin
Williams was his one of his first roles.
He wore the suspenders. The story goes
and they show it in the preview of that
show and it's part of every show is this
white egg. He flew to Earth
in this white egg. And at night, I think
he would like go to sleep in this egg
and she'd be like, "Good night." And
he'd go be like, "Nanu nanoo." And he'd
go sleep in this egg. And I'm like, bro,
like how much of our culture is like, is
that did someone know?
Well, the the egg as a form has shown up
a few times in quote unquote ufology.
You have Lonnie Zamora, Sakoro, New
Mexico, 1964, where he's this police
officer. He sees this egg actually land,
sees burnt vegetation in the area. James
Fox made this amazing movie called
Moment of Contact.
Everybody in this little town in Brazil
reports seeing an egg landing and it
seems to be emitting this sort of like
ammonia like thing and even seems to
kill a doctor. It's pretty pretty crazy.
So the egg thing does show up.
That's one thing I just wanted to
mention like sometimes I feel like truth
is actually stranger than fiction. And a
lot of times like
these these uh tales the stories are are
influenced by by something we've seen in
real life or heard about or sounded too
crazy to actually believe. And one thing
I've been looking at in this um space is
the commonalities between what people
are seeing and you just described there
being eight or more different types of
UAPs. And the egg is something we've
seen throughout history and seen
throughout multiple sightings.
Glowing eggs. Eggs. Another egg-shaped
object. Egg. Egg. Egg. The egg. The
cosmic egg. Egg. Egg. Egg. Egg. Fellow
alchemists, it's a new year and that
[music] means it's time to get organized
and take control of our financial
wellness. For me, Rocket Money has been
an [music] absolute gamecher. It helped
me uncover all sorts of subscriptions I
totally forgot about, like a few I had
no idea I was [music] paying for months
after I stopped using the services. With
Rocket Money, I canceled these in just
[music] a few clicks, saving money
instantly. Rocket Money is a personal
finance app that helps find and cancel
your unwanted subscriptions, [music]
monitors your spending, and helps lower
your bills so you can grow your savings.
Seeing all your subscriptions in one
place is such a relief. You know [music]
exactly where your money is going. For
the ones you don't want anymore, Rocket
Money can help you cancel them. No
awkward phone calls, [music] no hassle,
just savings. Rocket Money also gives
you a clear view of your expenses across
all your accounts. You [music] can
create personalized budgets, track your
monthly spending trends, and even set
goals to save automatically for [music]
big purchases, paying off debt, or just
building your savings. It makes staying
on top of your finances [music]
easy and stressfree. Rocket Money has
over 5 million users and [music] has
saved a total of 500 million in canceled
subscriptions, saving members up to $740
a year [music] when using all the app's
premium features. Cancel your unwanted
subscriptions and reach your financial
goals faster with RocketMoney. Go to
rocketmoney.com/jesse [music]
today. That's rocketmoney.com/jesse.
Okay. So, can you help me bridge the gap
between this summoning that you're
describing and you you you've used the
term we
and then your crash retrieval
endeavors. And I'm I'm having trouble
understanding
that's a really good helicopter pilot is
also doing this other thing and what
what that correlation is
I mean so within the 10 plus years since
I first retrieved a craft in non-human
origin where I was just serving as a
dumb helicopter pilot like what the hell
is going on? A lot has happened since
then. I mean we've had the disclosure
movement kick off. Um, but other
recoveries that we could talk about were
very emotional to me. Um because there
was a consciousness component to that
and I felt I felt that there was
something conscious about the craft um
during the recovery process that had
tapped into me and was disruptive in the
most beautiful way in my ability to
operate a helicopter and almost led to
me punching this craft off and creating
a whole another crash site like in
between where I picked it up and dropped
it off. What what what is this instance
you want to just describe?
This was the other one I can talk about
called the eight gone which is basically
a disc a flying disc with eight
individual sections when viewed from
above. And on this particular night
uh I got my normal readout for the load
and this time it included a hazmat
disclosure for biologics. So that
typically meant, you know, souls on
board is the disclosure I would get if
there were living bodies, humans.
Um,
who's who's giving that readout as to
whether they're bodies
or guys on the ground?
So the guys that manif and they don't
say bodies, they just say uh hazmat.
Have you ever seen a body?
Not I've never seen an alien body. I've
seen plenty of human bodies and
recovered human bodies in this same way.
And it's a standard disclosure. So when
I was flying in, I thought that's what I
was dealing with. I was like, "Oh [__]
the pilot crashed on the range and we're
hauling off, you know, body parts."
Your your colleagues have seen bodies,
non-human intelligence bodies.
You'd have to ask them.
Okay.
And so in this case, you see this
eightgone craft, this kind of octagon.
Yeah. As I'm flying towards it, I get
the readout on what it is. And um I was
trained as a pilot a long time ago. And
the last 20 years that's I've served
more as a as a pilot than I have as a a
ground crew member or in any other
capacity. It's been the primary thing
I've done is is been a helicopter air
operations expert. So on most of these
missions I'm working from the cockpit of
the helicopter. And so the ground crew
is a separate crew that gets dispatched
and they're dealing with hazmat security
containment uh setting up a a perimeter
and an entry control point and
observation. like they're doing all
that. I sit back at a separate location.
I get GPS coordinates at the very last
second. I get dispatched. I go there and
then u in route with from very short
range out, maybe 5 minutes out, I get
read a description of what it is I'm
picking up this night. I get an
approximate size and dimension. And then
I get negative souls on board and a
hazmat disclosure uh for biologics for
biological hazmat. So I'm like, "Oh,
great. Somebody crashed. Someone's
dead." All right. So, as I'm getting
close to this craft,
how big is a craft?
Again, it's not that big. Probably 25 30
feet, but it's like a it's like a dis
this maybe the size of this concrete
slab here. Like this one's dark gray,
like a dark matte gray or black
from what I could tell. I was getting
very little light signature off of just
the hard angles of the of the sections,
but the eight sections like the
intersection between the spine and then
some of the texture that existed in
those panels in between. Um, and still
like there's nothing about this
inherently that it's like that could be
one of our crafts. I mean,
where where is this by the way?
California desert.
Okay. Similar location.
Similar. Yeah, very similar.
And um but as I'm flying and I get
closer to this craft
um
it's well first of all it's quiet.
When I say quiet it was quiet on the
radios at that time but my mind wasn't
quiet. I start having this very
emotional experience.
Um, it's almost, man, I never explained
it this way before, but it's like when
you feel like you're about to throw up,
but you're not sure. You're like, am I
going to throw up? Am I Oh, no. I'm
good. I'm like, no, it's going to
happen. Like, it was like that, but not
a a nausea. It was like an emotional
escalation that started inside of me
that seemed completely foreign. And the
closer I got to the object, the more
emotional I got. sad or awkward or
how would you describe
it? It was It was
It was beautiful. It was a beautiful
feeling.
[__] But it's so weird. It's like that
uh it's like that minor chord as a kid.
It's like that sad beauty. It's like a a
first, a minor third, and a fifth. It
was beautiful, but there was a sadness
to it. Did it communicate anything?
I I didn't get a message other than like
I just felt like I was in the presence
of my mother. It was like a feminine
energy that was loving and sad and
I don't know what it was, but the closer
I got, the more intense it got. I hooked
up. As I'm flying back to the drop site,
I'm like completely overwhelmed. I'm
like balling my eyes out. flying a
helicopter at night like trying not to
run into mountains and [__] and I'm like
oh my god this is not good. Then I'm
like am I I don't and I didn't want to
tell anyone about this cuz I'm like then
I'm not fit to fly. Um
and I'm like am I am I stressed? Am I
sleep too much cortisol estrogen pumped
through my veins? You know what's going
on? And then as I get close I make it
there I safely get it popped off and
then as I fly away it goes away. I I
just want to paint the picture for
people here because it's like you're
flying a helicopter at night using night
vision. You have no you you're like in
in pretty intense terrain.
Yeah.
You're carrying something that is like
messing with your consciousness as
you're doing one of the hardest you're
flying one of the hardest objects ever
made.
Yeah.
Um
like have you had you ever been in a
situation where you had something
interfere with you on a conscious like
it doesn't feel like a a very common
experience like that? I think that's
what was most disturbing to me is being
someone who prides themselves on like
comfort and chaos. Like I've had every
other thing try and [__] with me while
I'm flying at night. Like so much
distraction intensity and life or death
situations and I'm cool with it. But
this messed me up, man. It messed me up.
And there was a psionics team working
that night. Um, and so I don't know
whether you know it's one of two things
like either there was
there was something with a very
powerful talent inside of that thing
that was connecting its soul or spirit
to me as I was flying or one of the
psionic assets
got its consciousness trapped. in that
thing and somehow was communicating
through me.
And so what what are psionic assets? Um
when we look at collecting data, one of
the areas that we look to collect data
is through a psionic asset, which is an
individual who's trained in remote
viewing, um
psychic abilities, telekinesis,
that type of thing, which is basically
through a number of different um
protocols can transition into a place
where they are highly sensitive to their
environment. from from the point of view
of consciousness through a consciousness
field. And that is not a woo woo topic.
I know I'm just throwing it in, but it's
so matterof fact to me that it it's the
same as saying night vision goggles.
Like it's there. We use it. And it's
worked both on the it's used both on the
summoning side and the data collection
side.
So you're saying humans summon these
UAVs? There are two types of summoning
that can be done that we've proven works
and we're still working with. Uh there's
machine-based summoning systems and
there's man-based summoning systems. Uh
machinebased summoning systems are uh
without going into details are
signals
um
and uh energy systems that can be turned
on or activated.
uh that summon UAP activity or that UAP
act UAP are attracted to. And I say
again remembering what UAP means, it's a
very broad term. It's uh unidentified
anomalous phenomenon. So unidentified
anomalous [__] shows up. That's a pretty
broad category. Now, in order to be
effective at serving as a PA, you could
think of consciousness as a field. Don't
think of it as this superficial woowoo
thing. like it's literally like like the
worldwide web. It's like the internet.
Um it's always there. We can't see it.
It's full of information and exciting
things, but point to it. I don't see it
here. Y right. So where is it? You have
to be able to tap into it. You need
something like a Wi-Fi signal to get
there. So, individuals that have this
gift are people that have been trained
and have the talent to serve as a Wi-Fi
to tap into the consciousness field
where everything in the universe seems
to exist or have its presence. And once
you can do that, now you're in an
environment where while we're having
other multiple forms of sensory data in
place. If a UAP shows up, is it
registering in the consciousness field
that our PA asset is connected to
through the Wi-Fi? And the Wi-Fi is this
process of getting into mindful
meditation. Um, so two things are
happening in that process or protocol of
serving as a PA. lowering intellect,
increasing intuition,
and then reintroducing intellect at a
higher level as an observer, not as a
driver. How do you do that? Well, you're
either born with a gift or you go
through you spend 30 years as a Shaolin
monk and you figure out how to do it the
hard way. There are ether easier ways.
There are cheats and some of the cheats
that have been experimented with are
things that have not fared well for
those involved in the program including
children and I'll talk about them. So
how do we how do we heighten intuition?
Well, you do it through stress
inoculation.
You do it through triggering flight or
or fight orflight uh biology systems in
our body. Some of the most powerful
things you can do is trigger that on.
Like if it ain't broke, don't fix it.
Don't reinvent the wheel. The human mind
and body is already something so
spectacular we don't understand it. I
don't know why it works but if you can
trigger flight or fight all these things
get activated and intuition does. So
stress inoculation is one. You got to
hijack the amygdala and boom you put
someone there. You need to do that to
heighten intuition while subduing
intellect. How do you do that? You
subdue the intellect by disassociation.
So there are chemical ways to uh induce
disassociation. There are uh more um
proactive ways that you could do
yourself like through meditation. But
all in all, those are the two things you
do to get into that state. Well, kids
are naturally way more visceral in both
of those things. They're naturally more
intuitive. Their intellect is lower.
There is one more thing that you have to
do to even enter that and that deals
with the other eye instinct. So your
instincts have to be satisfied at this
time. So that just means you have to be
comfortable. Can't be hungry. Can't be
horny. Can't be tired. Can't be worried
about your your survival. You can't be
cold. You can't be hot. So all that has
to be taken care of. So the limbic part
of your brain is not like freaking out
while the prefrontal cortex, whatever
part of the brain it is that's more
responsible for the hardware that helps
you connect to the to the consciousness
internet is. So satisfy the instinct,
heighten the intellect or suppress the
intellect, heighten the intuition, add
back in the intellect at a high level.
Boom. You're in it. Now there's another
way that that we do and that's through
hardware. So you could do software,
chemical drugs to in order to get stress
inoculation and disassociation or you
can do hardware. Um, one of the guys on
our team, um, has made a breakthrough
recently and uses a system which is
basically um, a non-intrusive,
uh, ultrasound system that can target
the brain and induce or at least take a
lot of the edge and the struggle out of
transitioning into that state. And so
he's he's one of the guys that works in
our new organization that is assisting
us with reproducing and demonstrating
all of this stuff that has gone on over
the decades in the program that comes
with all this baggage and secrecy and
stuff. And we're trying to leave all
that behind and do it now in this uh in
this clean and free environment where we
have autonomy as a private organization
working in partnership with government
organizations and in educational
institutions to put this out there once
and for all. And you know in that effort
we feel this is a much more humane way
and everyone that works with us is doing
so on a volunteer basis. But how the
ultrasound works is it can target it can
get through the skull and it can target
parts of the brain to help you
transition out of intellect and into
your intuition. Um and the most of the
experimentation that is done and the
testing that is done in order to find
the people that can serve in this role
is done through a random number
generator. So, he rans a runs a random
number generator program and then has
the subject sit there and and hopefully
I'm not butchering this whole process of
how he tests it, but um has the subject
then has the ultrasound equipment run
into the brain. The consciousness is
activated through lowering intuition,
heightening intuition and lowering
intellect. And now the individual can
impose its will on this random number
generator that's running in a computer
and can cause the number to move up if
he wants or causes it to move down.
And for context for the audience, a
random number generator is basically a
graphical interface that shows ones and
zeros. Yeah, it's a binary computer and
it's tied to something that is
conventionally thought of as random in
quantum mechanics. So radioactive
isotope decay, a photon bouncing around
a little box. And so it's a perfect
digital coin flip over a long enough
time scale, you should expect the same
amount of ones and zeros with maybe a
small standard deviation.
Yeah.
And if you're saying that through stress
inoculation and dissociation or through
this hardware technique, somebody can in
a statistically significant way affect
that it's called a zcore in this random
event event generator.
So you get more ones or more zeros.
You're basically saying that that person
has more ability to render their reality
and affect that more of a mind over
matter effect
through consciousness. They can affect
reality of that
which is nuts. That's
and it doesn't take and here's the crazy
thing. Even if they in that test cuz
zero or flatline or the the middle line
is the reality, right? So even if
someone could get it to deviate the most
minuscule number, any deviation is
infinitely mind-blowing because because
it's that good of a test because there
should be no deviation. So any deviation
should be good. And what happens is
crazy because as it starts once the
subject looks over and realizes they're
being successful, they're like, "Oh
[__] I'm moving the thing." Then it's a
and it drops back down and they got to
go back into it. And then you'll see the
the spike, the trend, the vector of the
trend over the report moves up and down.
And when they kind of come out of it and
realize they're moving it, it goes back
down and then it almost becomes
exponential. They just they blast it out
of proportion.
A close friend and mentor of mine used
to specialize in this experiment at
Princeton, their Paris psychology lab or
the the pair lab where they studied all
sorts of anomalous, you know, stuff.
And he would call this the rebound
effect. And you can analogize it with,
you know, you're uh playing basketball
and you're making a bunch of shots or
whatever and then all of a sudden you
become, you know, conscious of it and
then you have this snapback effect. And
it's in life generally, people have
these sort of
upward momentum streaks and then they
come,
you know, crashing down and there's
always this sort of local mean
reversion.
Yeah.
And so it's it's wild to see that
actually exemplified in the form of an
experiment. So, as fun as that is, and
we could sit here and talk about that
all day and just take people off, like
there's a real practical application for
that. So, I'm just saying that to say
like this is a real thing. What we do,
you put someone in out there that's
trained to do that and you support them
with the right support system and
environment. And then you're also out
there with the right data collection
equipment to not only monitor their
experience to make sure they're self and
health are safe and healthy and not
getting hurt, but you're also
correlating it to your other measure.
It's a measuring device for us. That's
what this whole crazy thing about taking
a psionic asset, putting them in our our
work suite, which is like a Faraday
cage, um, and getting them involved is
just to add a sixth, 7th, eighth piece
of equipment. So when this when this
phenomenon shows up, does the random
number generator in here move when it
also shows up on IR over our radar? So,
it's not like we're going off the deep
end. Our whole world is all about
psionics and remote viewing. It's not.
It's
literally correlating with an observable
you're getting on another and
multi-ensory corroboration is what
you're looking for in any sort of
scientific process.
And it works the other way. Sometimes
the intent is to have the psionic assets
summon the phenomenon and the rest of
the equipment is turned down and then
because we want to be able to isolate
where we're having successes. So they
they ramp up, they activate, they
summon, they invite it in, and then the
rest of the equipment becomes measuring
for their for their summoning uh effort.
And so yeah,
so it it sounds like the US government
has used kids as psionic assets.
And does that bother you at all?
Yeah, that bothers me.
Yeah.
Yeah, it does. It does bother me. Do you
have a model of what these crafts are
and what's inside of them?
Well, interestingly enough, this
particular craft, the eight at eight
gone,
is exactly what Michael Herrera reports
to have seen.
That's the one time I've ever heard this
brought up, that account. And it's it's
a it's m it's matte black like you
described. He calls it phantom black and
he says it has eight, you know, like an
octagonal shape.
Yeah. So, I heard Michael Herrera's
story in Washington DC. There was a uh
in 2023, I believe there was a
whistleblower conference shortly after
the whistleblower protection act got
activated and then there was this at the
National Press Club hosted by Steven
Greer. Um there were several
whistleblowers that uh had uh
um decided to come forward in that
environment and share their stories. So,
we were actually sent there uh on behalf
of our employer to look for
whistleblowers that we were trying to um
basically
report to the FBI and get arrested
because at that time I was in this weird
place between becoming a whistleblower
or rounding up the whistleblowers and
shutting them up because there were good
reasons and bad reasons.
to be a whistleblower. And so
so you are at this press event red
teaming basically.
Exactly.
You are trying to maybe gather intel on
people who might become a liability for
the program and you hear Michael Herrera
give his testimony.
Yeah. And I wasn't prepared for that. So
it's I'm sorry because you had already
seen the Aegon.
Yes.
And then he talked about what you had
experienced firsthand and then
and he's getting up there and everyone's
like this guy's full of [__] Well, he
was his was the craziest testimony from
that. And so, basically, this guy is
saying in 2009, he's deployed with his
Marine unit to the Philippines.
Then a small part of that marine unit,
like eight or nine people, get actually
moved off to Indonesia. Is this right?
Yes.
And there's a a seven RTOR scale
earthquake that had just occurred in the
area. So, it's a disaster zone.
This is good. We're gonna want to go
over this whole thing. Keep going. and
he sees this eight gun octagon shaped
craft matte black. He describes it as
like blacker than black and it's
hovering above the treetops and his unit
starts to close in because he's like,
"What what is this thing?" And there's a
there's a there's a humming sound around
it. So, not a traditional engine.
Yeah. And as they're sort of moving
towards it, what he describes as this
elite,
possibly Department of Energy
paramilitary unit with technical gear
out the wazoo comes and apprehends he
and his team
and they have bioscanners and they have
all sorts of technical gear. They're
threatening this team of Marines and
they're saying it's easy to get lost in
the jungle, right?
Yeah. They were actually two of the guys
um were actually talking about either,
hey, should we smoke these guys right
now? You know, that's what they kept
saying. It was kind of feeding more into
the fear at that point because again, I
don't know who these guys are. I know
they had American gear. They had
American sidearms as well. Um if these
guys have actually taken an oath like we
have and why they're going against
people like us and even willing to kill
um servicemen who just even stumbled
onto this, it just blows my mind and
it's very sick. And so Michael Herrera
comes back to the US. He's shocked. He
actually does a little bit of press
around this because he's like, "This is
ridiculous that this is being hid to the
American public." And then somebody back
channels to him from the program and
says, "Actually, the reason that that
elite squad was there and they were
there next to that craft is because they
were transferring psionic assets
for the program." And so this was a
human trafficking operation where they
were taking people, putting them in
pods, loading them onto these craft, and
then that craft was taking them back to
the US for use.
We back channelneled it. That was us. We
back channelneled that.
That was you.
That was me.
Oh my god.
So when that happened, we were able to
cooperate at least three key things. one
that those type of paramilitary units do
exist because guys from our group get
recruited and offered jobs to go to all
to go exercise our skills elsewhere
outside the US. I have never done it.
I've never been part of those teams. The
other thing is the description of the
craft is exactly what I had seen before
and my team had seen before except he
claimed this one was like 300 feet in
diameter. Never seen one that big. Um
the other thing were the containers. He
described the containers at the time uh
as being used for transporting drugs. He
was just making speculating. He wasn't
lying, but he assumed that they were
there must have been transporting drugs
because he saw these units on the roofs.
Well, those units were so uh those units
that they used are consistent with the
workstations we use when we're out on
the range. there there many split HVAC
systems that are used up there because
as I explained that's where we have our
data observation team in those and most
of the time those are the Faraday cages
for the psionic assets. Um, we also know
that uh that there are operations okonis
outside the continental United States
where prospecting for psionic assets
takes place and they're highly coveted.
And the interesting thing is is I hear
in those programs that um there's
something valuable about the life
experience in third world countries. uh
in that it seems as though people that
live a simpler life and are outdoors
more and have less contaminants in their
food and their drugs and in their
culture seem to be a little bit better
at disassociating and heightening their
intuition. Um and they come willingly
because of the economic imbalance
between where they come from. So, what I
really don't like about how that came
out and when uh Shawn Ryan was there uh
at the time with us in DC when this
happened and we talked about this
shortly after that is when Herrera went
on his show and the thing took a kind of
a dark turn cuz the term human
trafficking was was slapped on this
thing and when you hear that you think
of slavery and sex trafficking and all
these things. Um, and it's my
understanding that's not at all what
goes on in these operations. It's no
different than someone setting up any
other type of business. And the people
come willingly. The people that work in
these programs, it's a great job. It's
fun. They're some of them have known
their whole life that they have this
intuition or this special talent and
they're socially awkward or have other
pathology, social pathologies,
um, that they're dealing with too that
somehow seems like it plays into this.
So it's like not all the people that are
talented in this way are normal in every
other way. It's like God created some
balance. So when they can come and get
involved in this program and have food
and shelter and be treated with respect
and make money, like if you went down
there on your high horse representing
the United States and and morality and
went in and tried to liberate these
people, they'd be like, "Get out of
here. We don't want to be liberated.
This is our job."
Can I play devil's advocate for one
second? I think in the Michael Herrera
testimony, he thought that whatever
organization this paramilitary group was
from was taking advantage of the fact
that Indonesia was this disaster zone,
right?
And some of these people could go
missing easily. Yes.
And so that to me sounds
one theory or or the hurricane the
natural disaster was actually
threatening a workspace for this
operation and they needed to get the
hell out of dodge.
Got it. I have no firsthand
experience with that operation nor
direct contact
with anyone involved with it. I know of
that type of operation. I know of that
craft. I know of those containers um and
I know of uh operations that
that that sounded like. And so the whole
point of all this, and let me put a big
giant red bow on it for you, is that
this was one I liked. I saw a good
Marine up there when I saw Mike. I saw a
brother in arms doing his best to be put
now with a microphone in his face in a
[__] suit and tie in Washington DC
when he's cut out to be carrying a saw
through the jungle. And now he's doing
his best and he's an honest good guy.
and I was going to let him hang. So, I I
sidebarred Greer and a bunch of other
people and said, "We need to talk about
this." I thanked Michael um and I have
been loyal to him throughout the process
and trying to help him as much as I can
get support for this while also trying
to stay low-key to figure out where the
problems and landmines uh are with this
issue. And this issue was brought up to
the the entire incident was brought up
with my cooperations and my additional
information was presented to Sean
Kapatrick's version of Arrow. He
patently denied it and wrote it off as
is uh anti-interesting
and there was no evidence. And I know
for a fact that Sean Kapatrick has
admitted outside of the office of arrow
directly to members of the Senate
Intelligence Committee that it did in
fact happen exactly as reported by
Michael Herrera and with my additions.
That's absolutely wild. The implication
of this story is that we can fly these
objects because we were transporting
these psionic assets in this
octagonal-shaped craft. I would think
and again I'm stepping way outside my
bounds. I have no idea
how and who that operates but I
something like a reversed engineered
version of the craft is probably what
you were seeing. So this brings up maybe
the most fundamental question which is
why has the US government prime
aerospace contractors
international organizations according to
you why have they been systematically
using these psionic assets uh using
other kind of machinery based attraction
techniques to attract these UFOs? What
what are they doing with the UFOs that
land? Like what do you think was done
with the egg that you retrieved for
example? Um, first of all, I don't know,
but I taken somewhere to a secure
facility and it was either
destroyed or hidden or buried because
they've they have so many of them now
that it's not interesting to them or
that it was
uh researched in with the utmost
secrecy. The senior EG&G engineer
described to my great uncle that it was
egg-shaped about the size of a SUV. They
tried to penetrate the hull, try to open
it. They couldn't. They said that they
were able to take some very small
samples of the material. I'm not an
expert in chemistry, but I guess the
isotope ratio or the mixture of elements
they concluded was not made on Earth.
So, it's I mean it sounds like we have
by your account and again this is fully
speculation. I know I realize you don't
know this but like thousands of UFOs.
I think the problem is saying we that's
a big problem because who's we? We don't
have [__] Most of this stuff is kept in
very niche private aerospace. And this
is why the government doesn't quite have
a handle on it. This stuff
and the only reason I I can say this is
because I know how our operations work.
Like nobody knows what I do on a daily
basis. Even my my middle leader, I could
go out on the range and have a
particular day or have an interaction or
have something happen. Nobody in
Washington DC knows what the hell I did
that day and it doesn't matter how
profound it is. Like
why is there not a clear chain of
command? Why is there not some sort of
central authority? You have rumors of
you know a buddy of mine Walter Kern you
know I introduced him to David Grush.
He's a journalist. He came out saying,
you know, uh, Grush told him that Cheney
was the gate the the gatekeeper for all
legacy UFO programs. You know, like you
have these people who do seem to be at
the top. You hear rumors of Kissinger.
Part of our ignorance is the assumption
that there's some functional structure
in place. There's not. There's not. And
why isn't there? Well, well, private
aerospace is holds a lot of the power
and the real estate in this in this
space and the US government, they kind
of lost control of it a long time ago.
Yeah, that that's my sense is that in
the 50s when the atomic energy
commission was set up where all this
stuff was going down around Los Alamos
and other sensitive nuclear sites, you
had basically the overlaying of nuclear
secrecy on top of UFO secrecy. And so if
you look at the special definition of
nuclear material, it's basic basically
anything emitting alpha, beta, gamma
radiation, any sort of material with
radiological properties are born secret
upon retrieval. If you're the US
government and you retrieve this stuff
officially, you're in big trouble
because you know you don't have
plausible deniability. You kind of
committed this crime. This is open
source science.
But if you get a prime aerospace
contractor to do it,
you're much safer and you're more
insulated. Yeah. And you have this whole
Cold War secrecy era. And I think what
we have now is kind of a cargo cult of
that Cold War secrecy. It's this uh
structural overhang that is completely
inacronistic and actually makes no sense
from an American national defense or
security standpoint.
And it's not like they train like I
wasn't even told that. Like nobody told
me that's the structure I'm working
under. I had to find out the hard way.
When the New York Times article came out
like 2017,
uh it was really about then things
started getting really weird for us and
there was a lot of movement in our
world. Um a lot of things changed for
us. A lot of our uh our contract
callouts changed. New people are
introduced into leadership structures.
Our communication
um method changed. our compensation
package got creative and uh just knowing
the way this world works is because it's
so heavily compartmentalized and because
we operate as a hidden hand. That's one
of the primary benefits of the service
we provide. um
that the plausible deniability button
that people at the top can hit in order
to protect themselves
would sever us as the hidden hand. And
that's kind of an ugly truth we always
knew was there, but we were willing to
put ourselves in that position because
we're patriots and we always believe
that it was for the better of our nation
and to strengthen our com our country.
At this time
it that came into question because there
was so much happening and it was obvious
and we knew people started peering over
the cubicles you could say of
compartmentalization. We started sharing
facts. We started putting together the
best we could the broader picture of of
what's going on here because everyone
had a little piece of the puzzle and the
guy you're talking to today sitting here
and I the reason I can talk broadly
about this is because my my view and
understanding of this has like double
quadrupled if not more just in the last
5 years than it had in the previous 20
because of all the uh team building and
correlation and the networking going on
with trusted individuals like some of
our mutual friends to try and figure out
what the hell is going on. Not only like
to answer the the questions of like to
what extent are does our country have
advanced technology, how much of it is
non-human, but to what extent has our
government become compromised, and how
much are we at risk? Like, where are the
good guys? Where are the bad guys? Like,
we're kind of screwed because we're
trapped on the dark side of this thing.
Like the military-industrial complex or
you know the deep black state is not
this evil empire full of like Darth
Vaders like it's the best and brightest.
It's the most patriotic. It's the most
talented. It's the most committed
accomplished people working over here.
And 99% of what goes on this nation
benefits from and is what makes the
nation great and powerful is because of
the fruits these institutions
and private companies and the people
that work there provide. So like that's
really scary to get like oh you know I'm
like oh my god are we one of the bad
guys? So, we're trying to figure out
which side of this issue to be on. And
um one of the things I feel extremely
fortunate about in this
moment right now is that
the majority of the good guys have moved
to this side. I mean, thanks to people
like David Grush who stuck his neck out
and tra and blazed the initial trail for
disclosure and took a lot of crap for
doing so. and I'm sure he thinks made a
lot of mistakes and could have done
things better, but he's made it much
easier in a much better environment for
us to come forward. And it's much more
obvious that the bad guys are weaning in
number and they're doomed and our
numbers are growing. But at the time
when I was at the conference in DC, that
wasn't the case. We were teetering. And
you know, you're faced with that
ultimate question of like, do you do the
right thing or do you self-preserve? And
as a married man with kids, that
self-preservation
option becomes much more complex because
it's about like my wife and kids and my
livelihood and my quality of life and my
my wealth and net worth and everything
we've worked on is at stake. And so it's
a very complicated question, but my it
didn't take me long to decide because
like I had to believe that in the end of
the day that my intuition and my
instincts for patriotism and for good
would lead me at every moment to the
proper conclusion. And this really began
when we sat there in the audience, me
and my teammate, and we're listening to
Michael Hera's story. And I'm going I
and I was able to understand
what he was saying was true or at least
had elements that I was fully aware of
that he didn't quite understand that he
couldn't have been making up because if
he did
somebody planted ideas in his
imagination because he nailed exactly
what goes on. So it was at this moment
that we began to help out. Um, and
and and what what does that look like?
So, the second you decide internally,
I'm going to choose the hard path. This
program needs to be reformed. This
Michael Herrera guy is actually a good
guy. Do you go back to headquarters and
you say, you go to your boss and you
say, hey, actually, you were wrong to
have me red team this guy. Or what
exactly happens there? Or do you kind of
move in the dark?
We went we went back and we flipped we
flipped on we flipped on red team power
in the ultimate fashion and we began to
black team the black team is what we
did. So,
and it was fun to have that clear of an
orientation and to be that [__] fired
up about it because we went after them
and
so the first question is who the hell
are we working for and what are their
intentions? This was happening at a time
we were set out to recover some
sensitive information that was believed
to be kept on some tough books.
Panasonic tough books. This was in the
last four years. And it's believed on
these tough books was highly [snorts]
sensitive information that uh was
evidence to CR programs that uh we were
involved in. We received uh human
intelligence that gave us um
the intel package we needed to pursue
where we thought the first set of TU
books might be. A recovery team was sent
and we found the TU books. I'm not going
to say where. And we returned them to
our employer um at a familiar facility
in the California desert. Uh the tough
books were missing the hard drives. We
then set out to recover the hard drives.
We found the human and our human uh
asset led us to another location high in
the Sierras which was a a glacier lake
and the hard drives were sealed in a
steel container like 25 ft underwater.
What?
So um a third mission.
What exactly is on these hard drives?
I don't know. Whatever it was, there was
at least two adversarial parties who
would do anything to get their hands on
them and we got caught in the middle.
The next mission we went out on, I'll
just tell you that shots were fired and
um we called [__] and that's when we
began to backtrack and set out with our
our own effort to find out exactly who
we were working for and what they were
interested in.
Can you say who you were working for?
No, I can't say. There's currently a
two investigations taking place right
now and uh I can't FBI is one of them.
And when you say you called [__]
shots were fired, can you say anything
about that incident specifically?
No.
Okay, fair. Fair enough.
I was wondering. [laughter]
No. Um but I'll tell the we got jerked
around. Our intel changed last minute.
Uh our location changed. There was a lot
of bad things that were going on
rhythmically that didn't smell right,
but we kept putting one foot in in front
of the other. And you almost have to at
that point whether you're playing along
or not because you need to play along to
gather in to do interrogation of what
traps are being laid in front of you.
Just hope you don't fall in them because
that's helpful information. When you say
they are using you for plausible
deniability just to sever the hidden
hand, can you say anything more about
that?
Yeah. Um, it was believed that there was
evidence of
crash retrievalss
that
um were proof of criminal activity
on these Toughbooks and that this data
was
captured illegally on operations within
the program in the desert and that there
was a whistleblower or group of
whistleblowers that were going to be
turning this evidence in um to the
powers that be in order to
uh expose the program and thereby doing
that expose individuals. So this is you
know everyone likes to ask like
why why are you talking right now? Are
you aren't you afraid for your life? How
come people haven't been killed? And
I'll tell you why. There's a couple
reasons. one, why am I not afraid that
someone's going to try and silence me
with death? Well, um, first of all, if
they if they wanted to and were capable
of doing it, if they had the will and
skill to do it, they would have done it
already. They also like Lou wouldn't be
here, Dave wouldn't be here, I wouldn't
be here, they would have done it
already.
I I pray that you are right. Just to
play devil's advocate for a second, Lou
and Dave are of different class than
you. You you've you've touched the
metal, so to speak.
Maybe not the craft itself, but you are
as close as it gets to the actual
retrieval.
But why does that why would that make me
any more of a target?
Well, there's always the ability to
stigmatize somebody. I like I know Dave
and I find him beyond reproach, but
there's always the ability to hang on.
this guy's just this intel guy. He's
gathered a bunch of secondhand
information and it's what people use to
detract from his testimony right now.
Yeah.
With you, I think it's
kind of hard if you were to just just
listen to everything you've said today.
It's tough to to to deny.
Well, and that comes down to the will.
So, I say it's two things that keep you
alive or kill you is there has to be
intent and capability. I call it will
and skill. So, there has to be a will to
to take me out. There has to be the
skill, the ability to do it. So why is
there the will is going to come from
this place. It's it's not going to come
from the what everyone thinks is a
national security issue. We need to hide
this stuff. Where that's going to come
from is from individuals within the
organization or who have been involved
in any part of these activities who have
committed crimes and wants to cover
their ass. they will do anything to
protect themselves which includes taking
out other people wet works. Um and so
that that that makes for a very narrow
group of folks that might at least have
the will to do that. Um and you can kind
of smoke those people out. Uh
skill is the other one like who's
actually going to facilitate this and
how will that be facilitated? There are
some sneaky ways to do it. There are
some more blatant like brute force ways
to do it. Um,
you don't want to show up at my house uh
and think you're going to be successful
with brute force because that's going to
go south for you really quickly or you
don't want to approach me anywhere in
public. Like you're going to you're
going to have to really do something
creative. Um, because
I'm not afraid of the boogeyman. I am
the boogeyman. So, you better bring it.
Uh, but that doesn't that's a lot of
talk when you have wife and kids. So, uh
I'm not here to bring that on. Um,
but there there is
not it hasn't been shown that anyone has
the will and skill to do it or they
would have already
for me. Um, and I think there are more
good guys out on this side than there
are bad, even at the at the high level.
Now, that all being said, I do know for
a fact that um
there are leadership within
uh entities that I work for and with
that have called for wet works. And
there are people that have died under
very suspicious circumstances at the
most convenient time for those who would
want to have them silenced
who were coming out and who were
speaking out on our activities.
Anybody you know?
Yes.
Can you say anything more?
No, because there's an investigation
um happening right now uh and they're
they're looking into it.
That's scary, man.
It is very scary. But so when we
realized we were being compromised, I
sent everybody home and I we began to do
our own operation. And I wanted to know
if this came from the very top. Was the
top of our organization
either complicit in this attempt to
sever the hidden hand, which is us, or
were they compromised? Because there's
the only two options. Um,
do you feel now like you have the proper
protection in place? Because I think
from an American national security
standpoint, if you have these different
thieftdoms where the left hand isn't
talking to the right hand, you have
overcompartmentalization.
Yeah.
You have all this knowledge locked up in
these disperate pockets and you're
competing with China and Russia that
it's actually maladaptive from a
national security standpoint. So, is
somebody in authority saying, you know,
I see this Jake guy, he's actually
acting in the best interest of the
country. Let's protect him. Yes. In
order to come out.
Yeah. And now that takes us to Congress
because when I went to the director of
security and realized he didn't have my
back. I realized I couldn't trust my
nebulous network anymore. Um,
then I was at a loss and I was left with
the one like emergency button that I
always thought I had and I punched it
and that was to go to Congress to go to
the Senate Intelligence Committee and go
to the Monitor for CIA and spill my guts
and go, "Help me, help me, help me. This
is what's happened." Like, help. Um,
that was probably one of the most
discouraging experiences of my life
because within minutes of being there
and asking for help,
they were begging for my help.
Interesting. Like they didn't understand
what was going on. They had no handle on
it.
No, they were they were being bullied
and being harassed at their homes and
were scared for their life and wanted me
to set up a personal protection detail
to help protect them. And I was like,
fine, [__] I guess this is where we're
going with it.
So, are there are there rumor because
the long-standing rumors are that this
is run by the CIA that in 52 you had
public facing UFO UFO research in the
form of blue book, this sort of, you
know, public relations effort cleave off
from the more vital organization
actually studying this stuff. And that
was the CIA's Office of Scientific
Intelligence in collaboration with Patel
Memorial Institute, the Atomic Energy
Commission. And then even up until
today, you have Chris Sharp writing a
great article for the Liberation Times.
He's talking about kind of the the chain
of command for the UFO program,
and he cites Glenn Gaffne as the CIA's
director of science and technology as
being kind of one of the primary
gatekeepers of the legacy UFO program.
So when you go to them and you say all
this crazy stuff is happening and it's
super disorganized and it's, you know,
kind of unethical. Are they they're
really just completely unaware?
You mean Congress?
No, I mean the CIA.
CIA. You So what's happening? Because
there are multiple programs and multiple
coverups happening all at the same time.
Everyone's
not everyone but there
that's the biggest misunderstanding that
everyone would benefit from
um resolving is this is not that
organized and it's not um there's not
that much synergy at play. And why
why I I know it's valuable that I'm here
today is like I have I'm like the
fingertips like I'm out here at the and
I'm like we're touching it. We're the
grassroots on the ground interacting
with crash recovery. Not reverse
engineering. That's a different group.
But all we've heard from is like like
say the the shoulder joint like the head
of this thing.
Yeah. Um, but the shoulder has no idea
what's going on at the fingertips. And
you could get to the elbow and you could
have some corruption and misdirection
here that's like that's like changing
the direction and energy that's being
sent down to the fingertips and vice
versa. There isn't stuff going up down.
Um,
so it's this like gangly octopus of an
organization. It's not this monolith.
No, it's not. And just think about it
like we give it too much credit in that
regard. Like how in the world could you
manage
like hundreds of thousands of humans
first of all with all their flaws and
instincts who are trained as the number
one trained that the number one rule is
deception and so they're all being
deceiving and like there this supposed
to be some big organization that works
together
and then the detractors are going to say
why haven't there been more
whistleblowers and then I think that the
answer is there have been Steven Greer
has database of hundreds of
whistleblowers.
Well, I this is where I I I just want to
say something. I think for for people
who who may be sitting in your position
because they're watching this, Jake,
they're watching this
and they might be thinking about going
through what you're going through. Is
there anything
you'd say to them?
Yeah,
you know,
it's a problem and it's sad, but our
Congress is not in control. They are
completely
they're ignorant and neutered when it
comes to the subject matter for the most
part. They're ignorant and neutered. And
where they're not ignorant and neutered,
they're corrupt and arrogant, which nets
us a Congress that's in a state of
paralysis by analysis. And I can't tell
you like for me how sinking a feeling
that was. Like I go running and I I'm
I'm nervous cuz I'm going to blow the
whistle. The first place I go is the
Senate Intelligence Committee and the
monitor for CIA. And I start telling my
story. They don't question it for one
second. They know it's happening.
They're like they're they're they're
they're edifying everything I'm saying
and trying to cut me off because they're
so like excited to actually get to talk
about this and are like, "Oh my god, so
what do I do?" And they're like, "Uh,
give me your number. Do you have signal?
I need to text you. These guys are at my
house last night." And I'm like, "Wait a
minute." This was my asking for help
moment.
My fellow citizens,
today we celebrate the mystery of
American renewal. I know that my
experience, it's no coincidence that it
happened during the Clinton era and the
path that I took was something that was
heavily influenced by the fact that the
Clintons were in office and that when
Clinton took office, he was I think uh
surprised to find out that he was um
never intended to be a part of the
leadership structure he was ostensibly
in control of and knew that he was
surrounded by lies and limited by laws
and quickly took an interest in the
subject and when he couldn't get answers
um started taking action and uh I think
our
whatever I ended up doing was was
related to that and was part of the
pressure that was put on the DoD to
maybe even create like a red team to
infiltrate the black team and get into
the programs and then report back
through our leadership structure as to
what's really going on.
Couple of interesting data points around
that. Uh Hillary Clinton, there's a
picture of her at Camp David and I think
she had met with Lawrence Rockefeller
who was really interested in UFO
disclosure and she's holding this book
by this physicist Paul Davies and it's
are we alone?
And clearly she was getting into the
topic of UFO disclosure. And then uh
John Podesta who is their chief of staff
has been a major major proponent of
disclosure for the last two decades.
Yeah. And uh if you look at the timing I
I'll tell you it's probably no
coincidence that when Hillary was
running for president that that there's
a correlation in timing with the
standing up of ATIP and what led to the
New York Times article and there are
things there. I think the Clintons have
always wanted to be involved with
disclosure and I and and as much as
everyone likes to vilify them, I don't
think there's any real probably isn't as
much of like a a self-serving reason
other than like a general curiosity. I
don't think it's a power grab to want to
take it. It doesn't seem to be any real
benefit to being a politician associated
with the disclosure. Um, but yeah, the
the
from just my experiences and people I've
talked to that are in the no on probably
a little bit more than the average
person, uh, the Clintons have definitely
been key individuals and have initiated
some some efforts that are proisclosure.
Trump is now promising a whole new era
of disclosure. Obviously, the
proverbally famous example would be the
JFK case. Was that somewhat of an inside
job? Are there any details that we have
that are classified that the public
should should know? I guess a couple of
questions there. Do you think UFOs get
deprioritized because they're spending
all the political capital on these other
disclosures
or are there kind of as rumored ball and
chain dynamics where if you get JFK
disclosure, you actually find out that
his interest in UFOs might have
something to do with his assassination?
Again, anyone could just do their
homework. I think if you went out and
you really looked at the information
that's already been released and its
credibility related to the JFK issue,
there's clearly some ties. You look at
the timeline um of what was going on at
the time. When you look at the evolution
of this subject and how our government
reacted to events of the 1940s and 50s
and 60s, it makes a lot of sense. uh and
it seems to be the best um the best
theory and the fact that we might find
out with Trump uh is exciting but I
sense hesitation even from him um if
Cash Patel gets put as the director of
FBI it seems like like he certainly well
as one read in on everything um but is
motivated to share and when I see him
speaking cryptically about it recently
on the clip we talked about.
You're talking to a guy that's read the
entire JFK file. The things that we
can't release have nothing to do with
the questions you guys are asking. The
answers you guys want
pretty much have them. There is very
minimal
stuff that can't be seen from things
that you wouldn't even think are related
to them.
If you if you weren't connected to this
subject matter, you might not pick up on
it. But what I hear him saying
cryptically is that the JFK
assassination is linked to the UAP
topic.
And we have a lot of other corroborative
data on that. Uh maybe the most
important piece of data is a guy named
Harold Malmgroom who was a presidential
adviser for four different presidents uh
JFK, LBJ, Nixon, and Ford. And he says
that there was this bluegill triple
prime test in Johnston at Toll, so in
the South Pacific, uh, Marshall Islands,
and that you could even see in that the
deck logs from this this test, uh,
Bluegill Triple Prime, that this
anomalous material fell out of the plume
of this nuclear blast. That UFO material
was taken to the Atomic Energy
Commission's Albuquerque outfit. And
Lawrence P. G, who's actually Jeff
Bezos's maternal grandfather, was
actually the director at the time, and
Harold Malgrim, who is on on behalf of
JFK, is taken to Los Alamos. And then,
uh, uh, JFK comes like a month later and
gets woken up on the UFO issue, and then
you have this letter of kind of
controversial provenence, but we should
really look into this and figure out if
this is real, where he's writing to John
McCone, who is the new CIA director. he
had just fired Dulles and he's saying we
actually need to coordinate with the
Russians or the Soviets on UFOs because
we want to make sure that they're not uh
uh mistaking these UFOs for acts of
American aggression because they're
flying around sensitive airspace. Um, so
I think a lot of actually, you know,
research lines up to to make one believe
that JFK did have
Yeah. I mean, all that makes sense, but
when you try and tie it to motive to
shoot him in the head in a public place
like that's like what why why would you
go that far?
Well, I think it was a medly a probably
not the primary reason. He was also
trying to defang the nuclear arsenal and
you had guys like Dulles saying, you
know, it was an act of patriotism to
take him out. Okay. So, but you have all
these disclosures visav Trump.
Uh, who should Trump empower? You know,
there talks of a UAP ZAR. Should
somebody be in charge here?
I first of all, I love the idea of Tulsi
Gabbard is DNI. Cash Patel is fantastic.
Like, it's really exciting. I mean,
people can say what they want about
Trump, but the people he's surrounding
himself with and what their intentions
seem to be are really encouraging. And
if you need a guy to clean house, like
dude, all he needs to do is if he could
just give Dave a hunting license to to
go after those who uh might have
something to share. Like it would clear
up a lot. Like
Dave
Dave Grush. Yeah.
Like Dave's your guy. He he knows what's
going on and u
he knows where the bodies are buried.
He knows where the bodies are buried.
Yeah. And um there we do need some
accountability if not only to so that it
doesn't repeat itself like I don't
believe in vengeance but I believe in
justice and that's the subtle
difference.
He and Carl Nell who is just kind of
gigabrain uh next level historical phil
philosophical thinker and and and just
also very high integrity guy. So
Mr. Gres finally do you believe that our
government is in possession of UAPs? Uh,
absolutely. Based on interviewing uh
over 40 witnesses over four years,
are you one of David Grush's 40
firsthand witnesses that he says he
presented to the uh intelligence
community inspector general Thomas
Manheim?
No, Dave and I met after his initial
complaint was filed with the ICIG and uh
those guys represented a set I I don't
know the 40. I know of some of them. Um,
one of them
is the guy who's no longer with us. Um,
whose demise was was quite conveniently
timed for those who might have something
to do with it. But, uh,
sorry, I didn't mean to go there with
it, but um, no, those were that was a
different group. I'm part of a new group
that met Dave in this process. You know,
we were I didn't know what Dave was
doing at the same time we were doing it.
Like we were going through the Doppser
process at about the same time. Um and
we were experiencing our whistleblower
transition about the same time Dave was.
Like it was weird. Like we were both it
was both happening at the same time but
completely different. You got to
remember like Dave is way up here at the
shoulder like the high-end
administrative end of the Intel and the
government's uh program. I'm down here
on the fingertips trying to figure out
what's going on. And we ended up meeting
in the middle, you know, in this effort.
And we should preface this for the
audience. What is what is DOPSR?
So DOPSR is the Department of Defense uh
review process. It stands for um
department Department of Defense
pre-publication and security review. So,
because I held a clearance at one point
and because I worked uh for the
Department of Defense, anything I say
publicly, whether it's written or uh any
oral form, written or spoken or videoed
or recorded in any way, I has to go
through this process. And then what it
does allows the DoD and certain offices
within DoD to review what I plan on
sharing and uh strike it down if they
think it puts if it risks um operational
security for any of them.
Any specific knowledge I garnered when I
was on the other side of the door. If I
want to talk about that publicly,
everybody who's has had a job like I
have has to submit it to a thing called
Doppser at the Pentagon DoD
pre-ublication and security review. You
know, even if it's about this stuff,
how the hell did you get approval to
speak to us today through Doppser
through the the DoD pre-publication
approvals? I mean, the stuff you're
saying is pretty intense.
Yeah. And why are they letting you?
This is a great question because this is
going to help people understand pretty
much why I answered the last question
the way I did in previous answers is
that the Doppser Doppser process
is somewhat laughable from what its
intent is. First of all, you have to
understand that people like me have
become so compartmentalized that we've
become detached.
There isn't even knowledge of some of
the things that we have done.
um that that sit at a level
uh of availability to people tasked with
publication review at the Department of
Defense that they could find and get
their hands through and go, "Oh yes,
like everyone again thinks of this in
way too organized of a fashion." And I
can maybe there's a good time. This will
help you understand the dopster process
because I'll tell you exactly how we
manipulated it. um when we decided to
come forward um and we
again that was because we had some
concerns about who we worked for and
their intentions and whether or not we
were in trouble and we're going to get
severed is the hidden hand. uh we
decided to query and run an
interrogation of the Department of
Defense and its private partners um by
writing a historical fiction novel.
So
um I call it faction, a mixture of fact
and fiction.
Uh we hired a ghostwriter and what we
did is we put all of the claims that we
wanted to. We wrote out uh we wrote a
120,000word
manuscript and submitted it in pieces to
the dopster process starting with the
first 20 pages which was like 12,000
words. Um and our goal with this process
was to it was essentially red team
theopster process to expose who subject
matter experts are they call themmemes
and determine from that thosememes
um trying to lay out some form of map as
to who's actually in control of this
thing who cares about what information
and why and then begin to either push
harder and assume that when we hit walls
and limitations that secret paths lie on
the other edge of those directory and
then we can begin to create little fact
islands and try and draw a scaffolding
between them. This was all done through
our interrogation effort by creating a
manuscript of a historical fiction
submitting it to doser. In this process
um the first 20 pages we had four
categories of information that we
included. [snorts] Uh information A was
classified information we knew was
classified. we knew was uh classified at
a a high level and that should get
triggered and should get shot down,
should get redacted. Um, information B
was information that was classified but
was so neat to know that it really only
existed within the hearts and minds of
the operators that were involved that
day. It shouldn't be at an admin level
for anyone to find or even once shopped
out to subject matter experts. It would
really, it was a very fine uh attack
that would really precisely illustrate
who was concerned with that type of
information going public. The third type
of information we included in that
manuscript was open- source classified
information, which might sound like an
oxymoron, but it's not. There is what is
technically considered classified
information out on the internet that
somehow is leaked out, but context
matters. How and who is using it
matters, which kind of plays into why
someone like Annie Jacobson or another
art uh author who has published
incredible things on the subject matter
is not subject to the Doppser process at
all. people like me who have held a
clearance and have worked directly for
the Department of Defense have to go
through that process. And so we used my
that as a basis. We used that as our
leverage for them to force them to
review it and redact it. Um and then
there was the fourth type of information
which was complete fictional liberty.
And what we did here is we speculated on
the who, what, why, and when of of the
broader picture outside what we knew
through our own um compartmented
information and our need to know facts.
And then we draw what we thought were
likely reasons and filled in around
those facts and connected them to other
and we went fishing to see if we could
touch on something that was classified
and get it redacted. um and then
therefore point towardsmemes.
Um in doing this process we submitted it
took 6 months to get 20 pages back and
we had seven pages of redactions from
all four categories.
Wow.
Um and we knew we were on like game on.
And so you know they were stuck. They
can't they can't have a poker face. They
so they're stuck in this situation where
by not redacting something it passes
through and now it's open source. um by
redacting something they are indirectly
validating that it is sensitive and it
is classified. It did really happen and
someone's concerned about it. Um there
is a counterplay though and that would
be to intentionally allow something that
was classified to get out under the
context of a fictional novel and
therefore internally sealing it with the
stamp of the creative writings of a
fictional author. Boom. Gone. And now
something that's reality has now spun
into uh fantasy and that's where it
lives in the public domain. Um and
that's a strategy that that we use um
commonly. I I call it um or I'll say the
best place to hide the truth is in a
pile of horseshit.
Yep.
And that's the best place to deal with
it.
Orin, you know, goes back to Plato where
he writes the Republic and he says, uh
everything I'm about to tell you is a
lie. And then he sort of writes this
like profound, beautiful like musing on
like the ideal state but also with some
metaphysical implications.
Yeah.
And I think a lot of UFO history is
hidden in plain sight visav these
fiction books. So you have uh Tom Dong
uh Blink 182 frontman writing with Peter
Levvena and AJ Hartley this this whole
series
of I would say historical faction where
he's dealing with executives at Loheed
Martin and other places and writing
about crash retrievals and other things.
You have another guy named Chase Brandon
who's a CIA liaison to Hollywood. He
wrote a great book called Crypto's
Conundrum. Yeah.
Which I believe has some you know real
real truth in it. And so this is an
age-old
uh strategy and it sounds like you
redteamed Doppser pretty effectively.
Yeah. Yeah, it worked. And they spit it
out. And what was funny is they they
didn't like they're like, "Well, our our
purpose
in only submitting 20 pages at the time
is we wanted an opportunity to evaluate
and react and then rewrite the
subsequent chapters to probe for more
redactions
or to probe for more um willing
uh
willing allowances of classified
information. and they caught on to us
and said, "We're done. You have to
submit your whole manuscript." And we
were like, "No, the these we're writing
like a series." And it's like, "Consider
this whole thing uh uh a series and
these are episodes. We are going to
release only 20 pages at a time. Do you
want us to release it without it being
reviewed?" Well, no, no, no. Okay. Well,
then we need you to review it and then
we'll give you the next 20 pages because
that's actually this isn't one book.
We're going to release it four months
later. So, you know, you're in the
driver's seat in that regard because
they kind of paint themselves into this
corner with the way they work. And then
you can use that against them, which is
a red team 101 situation.
And there's no distinction for them
between fact and fiction where once it's
past Doppser, you can now say actually
this was fact because you passed it
under the veneer of fiction. You can
still now say this is fact.
And it's and its context is king. So
it's like what because there are things
that got redacted like I said that's
open source. I cannot talk at length
about
organizations I worked for when I was
enlisted. Even though like I just told
you everything about what I did and
where I was stationed and everybody
knows the history of who's there and
what's there. I can't I can't utter the
words. I can't talk to you about my
recruitment process at length and how I
ended up where I did because that's
that's redacted as well. Um, but this is
this is why it's confusing and why Dave
can say we have multiple downcraft and
have collected dead pilots and like why
could you say that? It's because when it
goes in to do sir they distribute they
do their they the people at the front
read through and they do their best job
to disseminate oh who should we ask
about who should care. Another thing
that happens is like nobody wants to
touch that [__] with a 10-fold pole. No,
no office wants to be the guy that says,
"Oh yeah, I have a problem with Dave
saying biologics." It's like you want to
pop your head up and like be the theme
that has a problem with biologics. Also,
people that may have had a problem with
it, this has to do with turnover and
generations existing within these
ancient organizations. like the fact
that this has been going on for 70
years. Like the people who
head whose heads need to roll may not
even be alive anymore and someone else
has taken that position. So this kind of
gives them an easy way out. They're not
having to come clean and confess the
sins of their forefathers. All they have
to do is allow classified information to
not be redacted through the Doppser
process and they just got disclosure. So
from this angle I think disclosure is
almost on us to realize aha they're
giving us a sign
departments and you can't think of the
DoD or the DOPs process again is this
you people overcredit the organizational
and the synergy of these institutions
the three-letter agencies don't mean
[__] like this may be the way the
government's only way to disclose is to
like I can't say it but you can ask me
question ask me a yes or no question ask
me if something is true and I won't say
no. And that's kind of where we're at.
So, we need I think the Dobster process
is one of the keys to disclosure. Like,
let's keep submitting documents and get
this stuff out. The NHI does not respect
the monopoly the US government thinks it
has on this subject. And there are
organizations worldwide that understand
that uh that it's a worthwhile
investment. They're not waiting on
offices like Arrow or the president of
the United States to tell them they
should spend time and money on this.
It's being done. And there are there are
global crash recovery and reverse
engineering programs um outside the US.
And I'm not referring to just
governments. I'm referring to hybrid
organizations, organizations that are
extra governmental. Listen, I'm not here
to make anyone believe anything. Like
belief is a very personal thing. It's
very personal. And the problem with this
subject matter is
well one it's very it's very intense
because it carries such profound
implications. I don't know that we have
any more or less proof per se on this
subject for the general public than we
do other things that we probably accept
more broadly than this subject. But it's
because of the implications of this that
people want to draw very hard lines on
it. But man, if I think a good place to
start is to humble yourself for for
everyone that's getting exposed to this
right now, humble yourself from the
perspective of what you consider
believable. And I think a good measure
or question to ask is like, how much do
we currently take
wholeheartedly and believe in that we
act on every day? If I was asking you to
remove everything from your life that
you believe because someone else told
you or you read somewhere or were taught
that you don't have firsthand experience
with, you'd be paralyzed and speechless.
You wouldn't be able to function.
You wouldn't get out of your house.
If everybody had radical cartisian doubt
where it was like I don't even know that
that's a chair or you know what you're
saying is real or whatever. It you
wouldn't be able to function. You
wouldn't be able to operate.
And this is where I just give up on
trying to make people believe anything.
Like I don't have time for that. Like
I'm over it. Like [laughter] this has
been my life for a long time. Like I've
got [__] to do and I have things I'm
trying to I'm like making people believe
is is not does not interest me.
Well, it's extremely easy to sway the
public in various ways and put put guard
rails on their thinking without them
even knowing it. Yeah.
And so there's, you know, good critical
thinking, you know, this guy Thomas Bae,
a statistician from England, the 18th
century, basian basian thought, Beijian
reasoning.
And it's like new data that you get
should be evaluated in the context of
your prior database.
And if your prior database is like every
time you hear the word UFO, you think
snake oil, you think I'm going to throw
it in the junk pile, you're building a
bad data set. Like that's actually bad
critical thinking. Yes. And if you were
just open-minded and you read, you know,
this great book, UFOs and Nukes, which
nobody can read, who I recommended to
because it's so dry and hard-headed and
it's 580 pages,
I think you have to come out with some
sort of base case around UFOs being real
and at least at the very least worthy of
investigation.
Yeah. I would say the least credible
thing in the equation is most people's
basis for belief.
What do you mean by that? That's the
least credible thing is their their
basis for belief is not a reasonable
is they're not taking a reasonable
approach to their criteria for belief.
Their criteria for that is based on well
what are you basing that on? Like what
research have you done? That's right.
How have you disseminated fact from
fiction to arrive at your current
understanding? How do you know you
haven't been subliminally programmed to
be desensitized to one things and hypers
sensitized in a negative fashion to
others? And you probably have. So you
need to be thrown out as someone who
should be making decisions for what you
believe because your perspective is
[__] It's funny to see after this
Shawn Ryan story coming out, this Las
Vegas bomber, Cyber Truck bomber in
front of the Trump Tower, this bizarre
like I don't know how to describe it.
It's like this meme warfare act. It's
it's hard to, you [clears throat] know,
really understand and comprehend. And
then you have this guy going on Sean
Ryan uh Shoemate saying that he received
an email from the Green Beret himself,
the bomber,
saying that basically there are Chinese
gravitic drones flying over the eastern
seabboard that could, if this is true,
the payload delivery involved in these
warp driveic drones could vaporize New
York City or Washington DC at the drop
of a hat. And so this is what's I I find
fascinating, bring it back to the whole
like, you know, critical thinking thing.
I've had more high-powered Silicon
Valley people hit me up about, oh,
anti-gravity might be real. After that,
it's was just generically popular.
Yeah.
And because of that, you have people who
honestly I respect in many other
contexts as far as their ability to
operate, make money, and do really cool
things in the world
coming to me being like, "Oh, maybe the
stuff you did on Towns and Brown
anti-gravity is real." It came it came
into focus in a place they were already
directing their attention rather than
their intention being brought into where
these facts exist anyway.
It's just all hypnosis and magic tricks.
It is.
Yeah.
Yeah. The Shawn Ryan thing has really
been hell for us the last two to three
weeks. Like it um that's really touched
our community and there's a lot of ties
to that and and our our group of of
friends, let's say. And uh that's been
something else and it's it's a hot
topic. you know, the you touching on the
New Jersey thing, we were just out
there. We were assigned um assigned to
support the DoD and the FBI task force
that was trying to be stood up out there
uh serving essentially as a hidden hand
like we normally are dispatched to try
and come in and offer something in order
to declare this a hazard to
public safety or to find criminal intent
or criminal actions. so that the FBI
could have a basis. So
Jake, what did what did you find out?
Well, that's where I'm going. I'm happy
to tell you the entire world is
extremely confused. It feels like the
highest levels of government are
confused as to what is going on.
Okay. You know, our first day there, we
got there um we were primarily focused
to the activity in and around or above
and around, I should say, Pikatini
Arsenal, which is a government weapons
um installation. Weapons focused. let's
say a weapons centric installation.
First night there on the ground, we get
our ops set up and we're watching the
skies. We're um organization I work for
now uh one of the founding members of
it's called Sky Watcher and we
specialize in aerial intelligence. This
is completely autonomous and an
independent venture. It's full of uh
full of guys like me that have worked in
an official capacity for the government.
we've brought our tools and talent and
experience and are investing them into
this private company and then trying to
help the government where we can and
also uh provide a window for the public
into this subject and these
technologies. So that being said, we
show up in New Jersey first night
on location within 30 minutes over
Pikatin Arsenal. Wopw all these orange
orbs come into existence right over
Pikatini Arsenal. Trying to do time
stamps on how long they were there was
difficult because it would appeared
about 40 40 45 minutes at a time, which
is consistent with some traditional
large battery powered drones. But what
we can't tell is if that was the same
drone or it was
disappearing and reappearing and that
was the sensational language that was
used more often. What it could mean is
that they were turning their lights off
and on and that's why they were
disappearing and reappearing. But, you
know,
were they only at night?
Only at night for us. It was between
like uh 1700 and midnight. So, from 5:00
until about midnight is when we
monitored or captured most of the
activity. And so, um, you know, the
problem with that whole thing out there
is most of the data being collected and
the reports were coming in were from
unqualified observers on the ground
using visual spectrum. So, what I mean
by that is humans looking up with their
eyes and going, "Bro, what's that?" It's
also a very busy airspace around there.
So, there's airplanes, there's
helicopters. I mean, if you really
wanted to red team that situation, what
I would have done is I would have put a
bunch of glow sticks and helium balloons
and tied them together and then sent
them up in the air and watch people just
lose their [__] because you you wouldn't
been able to discern. And then you shoot
them with, you know, uh, BB guns until
they pop and disappear. Like there's so
much room for [__] in that situation
that you it's hard to cut through the
noise. What we were observing, because
we are qualified observers, was not
[__] there's something very
concerning over Pikatini Arsenal. So the
first thing we looked at was okay, these
are probably large like
drones that we know the classes of that
are available out there in military
inventory and in um some civilian
inventory that was turning off its
lights in route and then on RTB and
which is illegal. So there's our case
for breaking laws right there. If this
was in FAA controlled airspace,
when a drone leaves the ground, first of
all, uh, UAS, an unmanned aerial system,
has to have all the FAA approved
lighting systems that any other aircraft
does, and it has to have them on when it
leaves the ground. It's also limited.
You have to be a licensed operator and
you're not allowed to fly above 400 ft.
These were lights off over 400 feet over
Pikatini Arsenal, just sitting there. No
one's doing [__] about it. And weren't
they sitting there for 5 hours plus some
cases
sometimes longer and then so but we
still don't know if it was just lights
going off or they were popping into
place cuz while this is going on in the
airspace south of there we also were
running a program that's more we're
running operations let's say that's more
um
more attuned for the UAP the the
unidentifiable
phenomenon And we had UAP class stuff
popping up to the south of there, coming
in from the outer atmosphere and
hovering into place and going back into
space.
What do you mean? You were running
operations more attuned to the UAP?
We were looking for that. We were
expecting that looking for that and
making sure we were paying attention for
things that fit.
Got it.
The box of possibly being well and UAP
is a very safe word. UAP is the words
are very you should say UAP more often
because it means unidentified anomalous
phenomenon. I mean I don't know how you
get I don't know how that becomes as
concrete as if there's aliens and
spaceships flying around because it's
the opposite of clear or or um
conclusive. So UAP is should be a safe
word. So yes, it was UAP and we were
looking for UAP. We're looking
specifically for things that we couldn't
identify and clearly didn't fit into a
box. the the following nights, our plan
was to get airborne and in our
helicopter and get a closer look legally
under the guidance of the FAA's air
traffic control. Uh what was interesting
about the situation is that there was a
TFR set up over Pikatini Arsenal a month
prior like before Thanksgiving and the
TFR is a temporary flight restriction
which is turns any airspace into highly
restricted airspace. um on a case-byase
basis. And so someone
uh had the foresight or the reasoning to
set up a TFR to restrict drone activity
over Pikatini Arsenal weeks before
Thanksgiving. We're there, you know,
around Christmas or [snorts] a little
before Christmas. So this has been going
on for a month in the area. And what's
interesting about this TFR is it didn't
restrict general aviation traffic. could
only restrict uh UAS, unmanned aerial
systems. So, what that means is any
member of the general public who got in
their civilian aircraft with the pilot's
license could fly through that TFR with
no restrictions, but a drone could not.
So, they were carving out for drones.
Well, the problem there is an aircraft
could have an incursion with these
drones who everyone was pretending
weren't there and was ignoring it. And
now you have an accident or an incident,
which is which is a safety risk. And
when you get into safety risks for
things that fly around in the air,
things get serious really quick. And
that was the biggest problem and the
biggest thing that wasn't being
addressed that we were trying to make
sure people were paying attention to was
that to say there's no public risk,
that's a really lowhanging fruit, not
the most exciting detail to anchor to in
this thing, but it's an anchor point
where we could start digging and forcing
people to give more concise reports from
the DoD side, from the local law
enforcement agencies. um because nobody
was working together there. There were
over 59 local law enforcement entities
working not coordinating there. We had
FBI, we had DoD, we had private partners
um on Pikatini,
some from legacy programs that uh that
are very popular were there with their
very fancy tools and toys. Everyone's
doing their own thing. Um,
were you called in specifically because
of your UAP retrieval experience?
I wouldn't say my retrieval experience
per se, but our team of guys uh were
second to none. And I'm not being
overly proud in saying that. So we were
brought in um
more so on the behalf of DoD to help
take a look at things and and really
contribute any way we can. But we found
there was a lot of there wasn't a lot of
coordination going on. The powers that
be that be really don't know what's
going on or very few do and they're
clearly not communicating with the rest
of um our leadership and the public.
Mhm.
I mean, that's a great sample of why
this whole thing is so confusing.
Yeah.
Is the New Jersey drone incident.
[clears throat]
What did Trump mean when he said, "It's
probably not adversary. We know where
the garage is. We could go into the
garage."
Our military knows where they took off
from. If it's a garage, they can go
right into that garage. They know where
it came from and where it went. God,
you're asking me to know what Trump
means. Um, [laughter]
you're just asking another guy that's
watching that on his phone like you.
So, what what was your net assessment
just for the average person? Extremely
confused.
Based on what we know from previous
incursions at McDill and Langley Air
Force Base this year as well, um, that
there were Chinese nationals that were
taken into custody. Um that's a very big
problem because if they are state actors
and they are it's an act of war and so
how do we respond to an act of war like
there are no good options because either
we look weak and vulnerable because we
don't respond or we do respond in what
now we're at war with China which the
world cannot afford. So there's there's
there's a counterplay. Now, if I was if
I was a red team member, when I look at
it this lens, what I would do if I was
working if I if America was my
adversary, I would fake a Chinese
invasion. It would be a false flag. I
would make it look like China was doing
this and I would hire, you know, the
billions of people that live in China
aren't all singing the same song.
There's plenty of disgruntled people
there that are for hire that work for
other organizations worldwide um and are
criminals in other capacities that
aren't in align with with China's
intentions. So I would I would hire a
Chinese national or someone from China
and deploy them to make it look like
China was causing the incursion in order
to start a war with the US for for a
number of nefarious purposes. So it
could have been a false flag like that.
Um, the biggest problem with shooting
them down, everyone's like, "Why don't
you just shoot them down?" Well, this
has pointed out a vulnerability we've
known for a very long time with why
there's a whole category of contracting
in the US called CUAS or counter UAS
systems is because drone incursions are
a problem because you can't shoot them
down. Because where they are most likely
a problem is over highly populated area
like here, Dodger Stadium, let's say.
You can't just shoot them down because
then now they're going to fall and cause
damage to people and property. So what
do you do? Like you really can't do
anything unless you can chase down who's
operating them and take them into
custody.
Okay. Okay. But do do you think any of
these were genuine non-human
intelligence? Any of these drones? You
mentioned the Chinese nationals. Okay.
I do.
And so why do you think that?
Because of uh the way they transitioned
in and trans transitioned out. um
because of indications we got within our
uh our observation operations, the way
we observe and collect data.
Um that would be my guess is I do think
that there was a an NH NHI component to
this combined which is what makes it
really confusing. You know the biggest
mystery of this whole thing is the
mystery like there shouldn't be a
mystery. This is a very simple thing.
There's something in the sky. go figure
out what it is, find out who's flying
it. It's over day one, right?
This continues to happen over and over
again, and we still are pretending like
we're confused,
which points to something that is far
superior to us technologically that is
ephemeral or weakly entangled with our
reality and popping in and out and not
something that is easily or prosaically
understood. And in the case, I think
what what makes this so confusing is in
the case in which it is genuine UAP, you
would get probably our state-of-the-art
drones around there as well. We'd throw
those out to kind of detect.
Yeah.
And so you you end up with this
extremely kind of fuzzy mixed bag where
it's much easier. Again, I don't want to
beat up on Sean Ryan. and I think he's
actually an amazing interviewer and guy,
but like
you have him retweeting that like maybe
there's like this, you know, loose nuke
on the eastern seabboard.
I I was freaking out. I was texting
Logan. We were freaking out about it for
for a day.
And then um there's something easier
about that narrative, cleaner about that
narrative than
it's actually just this complicated mix
of non-human intelligence and
people don't like mixtures. We want
black and white. And you know, Sean is
uh just as vulnerable to that as we all
are. I can tell you it wasn't loose
nukes. Um and why I know that for sure
is because I know people that work on
the Nest team. Uh I know people on
What is the Nest team?
It's the nuclear emergency uh support
team. Um that h and I also know people
that work for the W the weapons of mass
destruction directive under the
department of the FBI. They were there.
Their families were there. They weren't
like, "Get the [__] out of Dodge. Like,
there's a loose nuke." So, they wouldn't
have had their kids there. They wouldn't
have been like going to Target and
buying churros. Like, no. They were they
were chilling out, right?
So, they weren't worried about a loose
nuke at that time.
So, and you really have to look that
practically. Um, we're going through
this major shift where we're realizing
we can't trust our institutions. We
can't trust the narrative that's being
presented and people don't know how to
respond to that. I feel really bad for
like [snorts]
like uh baby boomer the good baby
boomers cuz they're getting like
vilified so much but like my in-laws the
sweetest old people like they've trusted
the news and newspaper their whole life
they've trusted offices of the president
and um it's real dangerous because
there's this calling to like throw it
all out like get rid of all of our
institutions get rid of the government
and that's not the answer. What what
this needs to be is a call to action for
all brave,
well-rounded
people with work ethic and a deep sense
of meaning to start occupying positions
within institutions and offices. Like we
just need to occupy these positions of
power in Caesar institutions. And this
is everything from like the
uh you know the Catholic Church to the
World Health Organization organization
to uh police departments. Like so many
good people I know that are cops are
like screw this. Especially around the
George Floyd incident and all the
fallout from defund the police are like
I'm retiring. I'm getting out. I'm like
oh great we're just going to turn the
police department over to those who
would work under these conditions and
these new standards of like you don't
have to be able to do a pull up or run.
like you can be overweight and like and
try and like protect and serve. No. And
so and same with the military. So many
people have gotten out because of how
how maybe the spirit of dei or some like
to rearrange it die because it's it's a
death sentence. Um [laughter] but the
spirit of that makes sense to all good
people. Like every one of us in the
military is here to risk our life so
that you can be free to say whatever you
want and orient yourself sexually with
whoever you want,
but it's being gone about the wrong way.
And so people are punching out and
that's the last thing we want to do. You
have to you if you want if you're
willing to sacrifice your life in some
glor glorified sexy way of like jumping
on a grenade for your bu buddy and
having an awesome funeral, well then be
willing to put up with an environment
that rubs you the wrong way. Like stay
in your sacrifice is more nuanced than
the glory of a fantastic death. You need
to stay in your job and put up with
political HR [__] and occupy positions
of leadership and then make changes.
That's the only way this works.
That is a a beautiful and not nihilistic
message to a lot of people who I think
have felt cheated by the establishment
and institutions over decades. And I do
think often the blame gets sometimes
fairly, sometimes unfairly pinned on the
baby boomers. And so, I mean, yeah, it's
important to not throw the baby out with
the bath water. The fi the final thing I
think we should just talk about on the
New Jersey drone thing, and then I think
we should move on, is on the point of
good critical thinking, these quote
unquote drones seem to be showing up
consistently around sensitive military
sites and all over the world, not just
in New Jersey. So, Pikatini Arsenal is
one place. That's where they initially
seem to show up, but you have Lake and
Heath. You have uh Salem uh nuclear
power plant in Jersey. You have
Brunswick, you know, Duke Energy Power
Plant in North Carolina. And this just
totally comports with Robert Hastings
work on UFOs and nuke. So, I do think
it's important to put
this in its proper context that what
we're seeing today, if you actually have
that context, is probably what we've
seen historically. You have these UFO
flaps historically.
Yes. It's just ridiculous that it's
happening now and that we don't know how
to respond to it and we don't know how
to discern what it is. Um, and the
drones, even if let's say it's drones,
that would still freak people out. Um, I
I mean, you could go, you could even
YouTube, you don't even have to go, but
if you've ever been to like a a tech
trade show where someone like GM or
Chrysler is like showing their new
prototype for a flying car, which is
essentially a quadcopter just like
sleaked out. It's incred. It looks
crazy. And it's a real thing that you
could hop in and fly right now. And
there's no reason another nation or some
autonomous organization that's that's
based out of Mexico where it doesn't
have to follow US laws like some
billionaire couldn't put together a plan
to get off the off the shore of New
Jersey in the Atlantic Ocean and launch
a bunch of these. And some of them can
launch off the water. They could go from
the water, not under, but from the water
to the sky. And it and it looks like
something out of, you know, historically
would like a movie. Are there underwater
UFO bases?
I would think so. Yeah.
Yeah, that seems to be the case. Yeah.
Interesting.
And this was part of the challenge in my
journey and how it took me a long time
to get to the point to where I realized,
you know, what we're dealing with is NHI
versus our own advanced technology
because there is a spectrum. I mean,
we've kind of filled the gap, at least
from an ignorant standpoint, unless you
have the right way to analyze what
you're observing. And I use those terms
broadly, because we there's so much more
than a human looking up with uh with
like ultraviolet sensing eyeballs. Like
there's more than that. And so, but
there's such a spectrum that it is it is
hard to discern. There's a lot of belief
involved. [music]
I want to put my cynic hat on for a
second and ask some audience surrogate
questions because I think a lot of
people are probably
just freaked out, a little ontologically
shocked at some of these claims.
So, there's this conspiracy theory
called Project Blue Beam. There are
people out there that think that this is
all being orchestrated by the deep state
that these orbs or crafts will show up.
Uh it'll be an opice for which to to
clamp down and create a surveillance
state or to create some fake you know
antichrist like religious awakening.
Yeah.
Uh that is you know completely a sham.
What what do you have anything to say to
that?
there has been an organized
and an unorganized effort on behalf of
the US government uh to to disclose some
of this stuff. I mean as early as or I
mean as recent as like 2015 16 I mean
ATIP was certainly part of that effort.
Um but
like I don't think that should be looked
at negatively. I mean, those who are the
gatekeepers or those who are holding
these secrets or have the power to
release it, let's say, first of all,
it's not one group, it's multiple. Like,
what would you want them to do with it?
Like, we can't complain that we're
they're not telling us anything or
they're putting out some organized
disclosure program and softs serving it
to us.
I think I think that well first of all
that has been done and
um whether or not that's a bad idea or
not I don't know. So I think the
philosophical question that naturally
arises here is you are implementing
techniques that seem like you're almost
tapping into this sacred other spiritual
world,
but you're sort of doing it on behalf of
American defense.
Obviously, you've shown that your
loyalty transcends just pure, you know,
organizational expedience in realizing
that this is actually bad for the
country, the way this thing was set up.
But what about loyalty above that? Even
this metaphysical loyalty, loyalty to
God. And if these things are angels or
celestial creatures, how do you square
the fact that we're moving in kind of
celestial realms, but we're kind of, you
know,
using the frame of American defense with
all of this stuff?
Yeah, that's a fun question. And we're
all forced to consider it once you get
to this point. uh like the angels and
demons idea I think is a good place to
kind of orient the idea of what we're
dealing with uh because there certainly
is good energy and bad energy at play.
My experience has been I would say 100%
good energy like profoundly good for so
for whatever reason
if this if this is an atypical
experience or if it only represents one
half of of the experiences people have
with the NHI energy that's fine but mine
has been unbelievably
positive and has been lifechanging and
has guided me and given me orientation
and motivation and clarity. It's it
gives me so many things. It's like being
tapped into uh something like a guiding
guiding light or an omniresent god that
has your best will at heart. But
um
the question comes up often in our
circle of friends let's say
um the question of are these things or
is this phenomenon
benevolent or malevolent and the answer
is yes
because much like us they're both. We
have the capacity for both good and
evil. And it just um since we're talking
philosophically and beyond like the
universe itself has a pretty consistent
set of elements and structure that we've
already observed. So to think that
there's something like good and evil
that exists throughout all domains and
dimensions and distances makes a lot of
sense. that would also explain a lot of
what we're hearing through the echoes of
history related to the phenomenon angels
and demons. So that makes a lot of
sense. Um, and [clears throat]
it's important to not be naive and
assume that there's no reason to be
worried about um, a higher life form or
a more technologically advanced life
form or a more dominant life form, let's
just put it that way, whether it's it
lives in our three-dimensional space or
it's extradimensional,
uh, it could be a real problem. Um,
which is why like on one hand,
for better or for worse, the government
is the primary custodian on this
knowledge and this hardware and they're
they're the hammer that identifies
everything as a nail. They're they're a
military-based organization. So, they're
going to look for um advantages for
offense and defense. And you know, it's
easy to point fingers and say that's
disgusting and this should be about
love, but that's not the way the world
works. And the freedom we experience,
and I I I'm qualified to speak on this
from both sides. Like, I'm a human. I
have love in my heart. Um, I'm
open-minded. I'm caring. I'm sensitive,
but I'm also a trained soldier. And so,
I understand the value of that. And we
live in the benefits that have been
provided to us from a military state,
from a military dominance on this
planet. And to assume to take that for
granted is very unwise. And so, you
know, it's like the a good analogy is
like a kitchen knife. Kitchen knife
could be used to make beautiful food for
your family. It could be used to defend
yourself or to maliciously kill another
human. Is a knife good or bad? It's the
intention of
the being wielding it that makes the
difference.
This brings up the next logical question
which is that the OSAP program which ran
from 2007 to 2012 under the opices of
Harry Reid
a lot of these guys were digging holes
and looking into kind of exotic weaponry
and they were doing it on Skinwalker
Ranch and a lot of them reported this
quote unquote hitchhiker effect.
Yeah. And so all sorts of orbs and but
honestly hauntings like really
paranormal bad things. It's like as if
they played with a Ouija board following
them home.
And so it does seem like what you put in
is is is what you get out. It's like
that new radical song, you know, get
what you give.
Yeah.
And so um
that might be part of it.
Seek seek and you shall find. Yeah. And
so um I am also of the mind that
protecting the free world is not
something we can take for granted. And
so my hope is that whatever good NHI,
you know, are are there like agree with
that.
And then at the same time, if you're
antagonizing any of the good NHI and
they're just actually just superior to
us,
I I worry about that somewhat. And um if
you're doing it in the name of country,
but your country doesn't always act in
the the best possible way. I mean that
the uh you mentioned the term false flag
before. Yeah.
The history of American foreign policy
is not the history of perfect, you know,
uh uh uh moral alignment with with the
higher good.
No, it's means it ends justified by
means
often. Often. And so, um, yeah, how do
how do you think about all that going
forward,
[sighs]
man? Um,
I think we should decentralize the
ideas. And what I mean by that is one
thing I hope comes of all of this is we
encourage every individual to start
looking into answering this question
themselves. Not only by just doing your
own research uh, online, but inside.
Don't look inside as much looking out.
Walk outside, look to the sky. Try doing
something like praying. Um, you don't
even have to pray. Come up with another
word for it if that's too like uh if
there's too much like Judeo-Christian
stigma with that word. Like walk
outside, look at the sky, open your
heart, and ask for the good energy, the
universe to show something to you. And
it's that simple. Like stuff can happen
in our experience just by doing that.
You talk about the hitchhiker effect and
I shared that most of my experience has
been positive but I haven't shared that
stuff has followed me home and that my
family sees it. We have stuff show up
over our house. We have um a UAP we call
the angel that shows up and it looks
like it has ore wings. It's blue and it
comes in materializes hangs out over the
house. It's seen by neighbors. It's seen
by everybody and then it's gone. It
shoots into outer space. like the the
classic the wings that describes a
saraphim, you know, like an ancient kind
of Hebraic angel.
And so,
I mean, it makes sense like and that's
the first time we saw it. My son saw we
thought it was cloud and it's like
there's not a cloud in the sky, but it
seemed cloudy around this thing, but it
had like um it had like uh wings. It was
blue and it had like
more like butterfly wings than like what
we seen like angel. think that that
that's somehow protecting you or good or
it it feels like a good energy like we
can feel that energy I got in the
aircraft that night is that same energy
I get uh I mean it puts my my son in
tears it puts like
and he's not afraid like he's moved
um and it's incredible. So like how do
you explain that? Um, and that's a good
way to to maybe if you want to start
being your own little amateur scientist,
if you walk outside and you open your
heart to the good spirit of the universe
and you ask for something specific, it
seems like a silly exercise and
something happens. Let's say you get a
craft. Did you just summon advanced
human technology? Did Edwards Air Force
dispatch dispatch an aircraft and
hovered over your house?
Probably not. So it's probably more
likely like there's something anomalous
or NHI based with that situation than
you know
do you think that the uh inner outer
dichotomy is a false one and that these
things are somehow excavations of what's
inside of you and maybe uh future
science is actually a more spiritual
science. There's this 19th century
Austrian philosopher named Rudolph
Steiner who talks about anthroposophy
where it's studying the inner in order
to
garner mastery over the outer world.
That was what alchemy was always about
as well.
I think it's all on the table now.
That's like that's what's fun but also
crazy about this is like there's so much
on the table. There's so much to be
explored. And this is what I appreciate
about Gary, Dr. Nolan's attitude is that
he he thinks this is the greatest moment
ever for science, not like something
that's ridiculous.
Well, I think what's beautiful about it
is that since the enlightenment,
science and the spirit have cleaved off
and bifurcated. And if you were to go
back to Francis Bacon, he would say, I
am using the scientific method was back
then, you know, more empirical
skepticism. It wasn't called that at the
time, but I'm using that in order to
discover God's secrets. And since then,
you now you have like, you know, Richard
Dawkins who's like this, you know,
extremely, you know, just atheist and
he's he sort of, you know, disrespects
anybody that believes. And then on the
other side, you have
religious fundamentalists who don't take
science super seriously and will like
throw Darwin out like it like isn't even
an effective local theory, which is
probably, you know, it's probably has
some use as a theory. No, I love that
point because it's uh it's something
like the the beauty of why a children a
child could ask why infinitely and it
can annoy an adult. It's like why why
why because you can track that and the
fact that you can't put a lid on it or
dead inend that line of questioning
means that there's something that adult
is missing in that scenario. And that's
the way I see the approach of the
scientific method or thinking that the I
that the pursuit of science is somehow
uh is a skew to the pursuit of God
because even within the scientific
method
where did that come from and why was it
created? Why do you think it's
worthwhile to have a method to
objectively evaluate your environment?
You would have to believe that it leads
to a what you consider a good outcome.
Now that leads to the next question of
well what what is a good outcome and why
do you care about what good is
totally
you so you can't get away even in this
this high horse of science and the
scientific method from the pursuit of
science because if you're a scientist
it's because you love science. You want
you have interest and an intuition that
ex that going down this road objectively
through the method is going to lead to
something worthwhile for you and you
just loop right back around to
understanding that you were seeking
something good and worthwhile. And where
does that come from?
Yeah. And maybe science and religion
are, you know, bottoms of the pyramid
and if you ascend, you get to some omega
point at the top where they meet. And uh
there's a great Meister Echart quote,
theologians may quarrel but mystics all
speak the same language. [laughter] And
I do think if you are just intaking
information in search of the truth, uh I
think that's that's a that's a process
that is agnostic of you know science is
one method, religion is another
but um we're all sort of seeking some
some sort of outcome. And in G Jesus
even says in the book of Mark he says so
I'm paraphrasing but it's something like
what you measure you'll get more of
and so you know
it's where you point your attention and
intention and that's seems to be
something that is consistent with the
phenomena when you talk about attracting
the good or the evil spirits. Uh I mean
make no mistake there have been dark
things that have happened within
CR
um
CR Yeah. Mhm. to other groups. And I'm
not going to talk about that. But just
uh it doesn't mean though
those who hate talking about it this way
in in the UAP
culture don't want us talking about the
negative, want us to focus on the
positive. It's because they think that
that means our behavior should change.
But it's it's complex like anything.
like it's uh the the good still exists
even though there's bad, but you can't
you have to acknowledge that there are
there are dangers associated with it.
If you're an audience member at this
point, I think you're probably
wondering, you're having a burning
question, which is what about space
aliens? This all seems to be talk of
spirituality, inner outer orbs, that
sort of thing.
Where do do we have any evidence that
these things come from other planets?
I don't know. Um,
I'll I'll give you one piece of
information that people may have gotten
out of the stuff that's come out the
last couple of years, but this this will
help and it may not be the answer
everyone wants, but you know, there's a
reason we use the term biologics and uh
there's a reason Dave really hung his
hat on that phrase every time he used
it. That's because um biologics didn't
doesn't necessarily mean sentient beings
or conscious creatures. It could be
something like a drone from another
place like we do. We send our drones. We
have like say sent Voyager out like
we've all done these things or not we've
all but our government has done many
drone programs. Mars rovers etc. So the
biologics could be something like soft
tissue drones. While some of the
biological
cargo that comes with these craft is not
conscious. Consciousness itself is how
you interact and pilot the craft, which
is ironic because for the first time
ever, the biological creatures inside
are not conscious, but the craft is.
Well, it's funny you say that. DARPA at
this very moment is looking into a field
called computational biology and we're
looking at you know how do we uh
manipulate the biological world you know
create an anatomical compiler if you
will and we're we're we're starting to
understand how cells operate on a more
granular level and so you'd have to
think some civilization either on
another planet or ours uh with a lot
more time energy and expertise maybe has
figured out something like that and That
brings me to my next question, which is
a lot of people talk about being
abducted by these gray aliens, and a lot
of the people who describe these
abductions say that the grey aliens are
sort of droidike robotic creatures that
seem to be sent almost as like
messengers where they're doing these
specific retrievalss and insertions. So,
insertions of, you know, implants and
then retrievalss of gametes, genetic
material, that sort of thing.
Yeah.
Do you have any take on any of this
stuff,
man? that stuff. First of all, I have
zero experience with gray or beings or
meeting something face to face. I'd love
to do it. Uh it sounds fun to me. Um
sign me up. But I mean, as crazy as it
sounds, the most trusted people in my
circle that I have worked with and do
work with um have those speak to having
those firsthand experiences with. And so
it's like what do you do with that? And
now I'm in the now I'm in the seat of
well where's the proof? Like now I'm
like I want to believe that. Like how
can I get there? And I can't because
that's where it's like
I understand where people are taking my
information and trying to get there with
me and you just can't. I just can't get
there. Um but it's it's awfully
intriguing because I believe that they
believe that that happened. Um, and
there are reports that we do have
biologics in storage and we just don't
know what that is. But this is all the
more reason like why I'm excited to like
move forward in this new venture and the
fact that we have we have created our
own autonomy and that we're going out we
have a budget we're operating and we're
we're in a public private partnership
and I hope to answer all these
questions. Um
uh if all things go well
before I'm trying not to say a date, but
within the first half of 2025, we hope
to do a demonstration and and invite key
members of the public from institutions
um and demonstrate this and maybe even
get something to the ground if we can do
it legally in coordination with um our
government partners, which we have to
do. We can't just go rogue and do this
without them. they have to be involved.
But it is likely that we'll have an
opportunity to do that and that's going
to answer a lot of questions.
That would be absolutely insane.
Look, man, like the skies aren't
classified. [music] Your conscious can't
be redacted. So get out there, start
looking up, start looking in.
No. Yeah. That's part of the reason I'm
here is cuz, you know, I just became a
dad, a dad of a daughter who's three
months old. And I look at this little
lady and I I feel like
this responsibility for for helping at
least to shape a a positive world
uh that heads towards progression in the
right direction. And I think disclosure
is a much bigger conversation that
will open a lot of people's eyes. One
thing you said to me on or us on the on
the first phone call we had is you know
people talk about this feeling of
onlogical shock where it's like it's
really hard for a lot of people to face
the reality that their entire worldview
is being challenged and I certainly felt
that but one thing you said that I liked
was [music] you like to think of it as
onlogical relief where it's like
actually
some of the questions about like when I
look up in the sky it's like what what
am I what are we how are we here you
know At least
there's like a like some semblance of
answers or or or something a little more
that's explained.
Yeah.
That that actually makes me go, "Huh,
all right. It's making a little bit more
sense than than it was before." Um
Yeah. No. And it's something like giving
up atheism when you become a parent
because you're like, "This can't be all
I can't be the smartest person in the
room. I can't be the richest or most
influential influential person in the
room. I can't be the most powerful
person in the room. This is for the
president when he goes to sleep at
night. Like, I'm not qualified. Like, I
need there to be more. I need there to
be deeper meaning. I need there to be
more connection between us. Um I cuz
every person, even the bad guys that we
run into in life, at one time we're just
an innocent little baby. And there's
something sweet and meaningful in every
human. And that's what this whole thing
offers. Like is as woo woo as that
sounds, like that's the the best thing
that could be harvested by acknowledging
this. And it's got this this cold
military political industrial
um like stigma attached to it. But
that's not it. It's not about like
flying equipment like oh let can we get
in a flying saucer and like get to
London in 2 minutes or could we get
there yesterday because now we know
China like screw all that. The real
implications are way more powerful and
it's it's realizing that there is
something else out there that's maybe
not extra at all. It's something that's
part of us. It's like outer space versus
inner space is all the same. And so I I
hope there's something really beautiful
on the other side of this, which is why
we need more people involved. We need
religious communities involved. We need
like we need the leftest, most
treehugging spiritual people to get into
this thing that's [music] been
controlled and been locked up by the
most like tyrannical rightwingle
leaning people.
This is to me one of the most important
stories in a millennium, let alone a
century, because [music] it should make
everybody question core ontological
truths and like you said, hopefully open
their eyes to a broader reality uh that
is, I think, expansive and exciting. So,
wow.
Thank you, man.
Well, thank you. The pleasure is mine.
and let's make sure we get this out
there so that future generations aren't
having to rediscover this thing all over
again.
Let's do it.
Yeah, man.
Huge news, everyone. We've been sitting
on a ton of unreleased footage that we
will now be releasing weekly in our new
[__] Our first episode is a completely
uncut, heated discussion between Hal
Putoff and Eric Weinstein on remote
viewing. Yeah, you heard that right. I
still can't believe I experienced that
firsthand and now I'm happy to share it
with you all as our first exclusive
video on [__] Head over to
wop.com/ameanalchemy
premium to become a premium member
today. By becoming a member, you'll gain
access to weekly premium videos,
behindthe-scenes footage, and monthly
group calls where we discuss the ideas
we love most. Plus, you'll get early
access to merchandise drops and be the
first to know about the upcoming
conference we'll be holding later in
2025. Our WAP community will serve as a
private space where curious individuals
and tech enthusiasts can come together
to challenge the status quo and explore
ideas shaping our future. If you're
passionate about exploring
unconventional ideas and want to dive
even deeper into our content, I invite
you to join our WAP today. Head over to
wap.com/ameanalchemy
premium to become a premium member
today.